
    (a) Treatment of Remittance Transfers.--The Electronic Fund Transfer 
Act (15 U.S.C. 1693 et seq.) is amended--
            (1) in section 902(b) (15 U.S.C. 1693(b)), by inserting 
        ``and remittance'' after ``electronic fund'';
            (2) in section 904(c) (15 U.S.C. 1693b(c)), in the first 
        sentence, by inserting ``or remittance transfers'' after 
        ``electronic fund transfers'';
            (3) by redesignating sections 919, 920, 921, and 
        922 &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 1693p-1693r, 1693 note.&gt;&gt;  as sections 920, 
        921, 922, and 923, respectively; and
            (4) by inserting after section 918 the following:
``SEC. 919. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 1693o-1.&gt;&gt;  REMITTANCE TRANSFERS.

    ``(a) Disclosures Required for Remittance Transfers.--
            ``(1) In general.--Each remittance transfer provider shall 
        make disclosures as required under this section and in 
        accordance with rules prescribed by the Board. Disclosures 
        required under this section shall be in addition to any other 
        disclosures applicable under this title.
            ``(2) Disclosures.--Subject to rules prescribed by the 
        Board, a remittance transfer provider shall provide, in writing 
        and in a form that the sender may keep, to each sender 
        requesting a remittance transfer, as applicable to the 
        transaction--
                    ``(A) at the time at which the sender requests a 
                remittance transfer to be initiated, and prior to the 
                sender making any payment in connection with the 
                remittance transfer, a disclosure describing--
                          ``(i) the amount of currency that will be 
                      received by the designated recipient, using the 
                      values of the currency into which the funds will 
                      be exchanged;
                          ``(ii) the amount of transfer and any other 
                      fees charged by the remittance transfer provider 
                      for the remittance transfer; and
                          ``(iii) any exchange rate to be used by the 
                      remittance transfer provider for the remittance 
                      transfer, to the nearest 1/100th of a point; and
                    ``(B) at the time at which the sender makes payment 
                in connection with the remittance transfer--
                          ``(i) a receipt showing--
                                    ``(I) the information described in 
                                subparagraph (A);
                                    ``(II) the promised date of delivery 
                                to the designated recipient; and
                                    ``(III) the name and either the 
                                telephone number or the address of the 
                                designated recipient, if either the 
                                telephone number or the address of the 
                                designated recipient is provided by the 
                                sender; and
                          ``(ii) a statement containing--
                                    ``(I) information about the rights 
                                of the sender under this section 
                                regarding the resolution of errors; and


                                    ``(II) appropriate contact 
                                information for--
                                            ``(aa) the remittance 
                                        transfer provider; and
                                            ``(bb) the State agency that 
                                        regulates the remittance 
                                        transfer provider and the Board, 
                                        including the toll-free 
                                        telephone number established 
                                        under section 1013 of the 
                                        Consumer Financial Protection 
                                        Act of 2010.
            ``(3) Requirements relating to disclosures.--With respect to 
        each disclosure required to be provided under paragraph (2) a 
        remittance transfer provider shall--
                    ``(A) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Notice.&gt;&gt;  provide an initial notice 
                and receipt, as required by subparagraphs (A) and (B) of 
                paragraph (2), and an error resolution statement, as 
                required by subsection (d), that clearly and 
                conspicuously describe the information required to be 
                disclosed therein; and
                    ``(B) with respect to any transaction that a sender 
                conducts electronically, comply with the Electronic 
                Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (15 
                U.S.C. 7001 et seq.).
            ``(4) Exception for disclosures of amount received.--
                    ``(A) In general.--Subject to the rules prescribed 
                by the Board, and except as provided under subparagraph 
                (B), the disclosures required regarding the amount of 
                currency that will be received by the designated 
                recipient shall be deemed to be accurate, so long as the 
                disclosures provide a reasonably accurate estimate of 
                the foreign currency to be 
                received. &lt;&lt;NOTE: Applicability.&gt;&gt;  This paragraph shall 
                apply only to a remittance transfer provider who is an 
                insured depository institution, as defined in section 3 
                of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813), 
                or an insured credit union, as defined in section 101 of 
                the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752), and if--
                          ``(i) a remittance transfer is conducted 
                      through a demand deposit, savings deposit, or 
                      other asset account that the sender holds with 
                      such remittance transfer provider; and
                          ``(ii) at the time at which the sender 
                      requests the transaction, the remittance transfer 
                      provider is unable to know, for reasons beyond its 
                      control, the amount of currency that will be made 
                      available to the designated recipient.
                    ``(B) Deadline.--The application &lt;&lt;NOTE: Termination 
                date. Determination.&gt;&gt;  of subparagraph (A) shall 
                terminate 5 years after the date of enactment of the 
                Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, unless the 
                Board determines that termination of such provision 
                would negatively affect the ability of remittance 
                transfer providers described in subparagraph (A) to send 
                remittances to locations in foreign countries, in which 
                case, the Board may, by rule, extend the application of 
                subparagraph (A) to not longer than 10 years after the 
                date of enactment of the Consumer Financial Protection 
                Act of 2010.
            ``(5) Exemption authority.--The Board may, by rule, permit a 
        remittance transfer provider to satisfy the requirements of--
                    ``(A) paragraph (2)(A) orally, if the transaction is 
                conducted entirely by telephone;


                    ``(B) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline.&gt;&gt;  paragraph (2)(B), in the 
                case of a transaction conducted entirely by telephone, 
                by mailing the disclosures required under such 
                subparagraph to the sender, not later than 1 business 
                day after the date on which the transaction is 
                conducted, or by including such documents in the next 
                periodic statement, if the telephone transaction is 
                conducted through a demand deposit, savings deposit, or 
                other asset account that the sender holds with the 
                remittance transfer provider;
                    ``(C) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) 
                together in one written disclosure, but only to the 
                extent that the information provided in accordance with 
                paragraph (3)(A) is accurate at the time at which 
                payment is made in connection with the subject 
                remittance transfer; and
                    ``(D) paragraph (2)(A), without compliance with 
                section 101(c) of the Electronic Signatures in Global 
                Commerce Act, if a sender initiates the transaction 
                electronically and the information is displayed 
                electronically in a manner that the sender can keep.
            ``(6) Storefront and internet notices.--
                    ``(A) In general.--
                          ``(i) Prominent posting.--Subject to 
                      subparagraph (B), the Board may prescribe rules to 
                      require a remittance transfer provider to 
                      prominently post, and timely update, a notice 
                      describing a model remittance transfer for one or 
                      more amounts, as the Board may determine, which 
                      notice shall show the amount of currency that will 
                      be received by the designated recipient, using the 
                      values of the currency into which the funds will 
                      be exchanged.
                          ``(ii) Onsite displays.--The Board may require 
                      the notice prescribed under this subparagraph to 
                      be displayed in every physical storefront location 
                      owned or controlled by the remittance transfer 
                      provider.
                          ``(iii) Internet notices.--Subject to 
                      paragraph (3), the Board shall prescribe rules to 
                      require a remittance transfer provider that 
                      provides remittance transfers via the Internet to 
                      provide a notice, comparable to a storefront 
                      notice described in this subparagraph, located on 
                      the home page or landing page (with respect to 
                      such remittance transfer services) owned or 
                      controlled by the remittance transfer provider.
                          ``(iv) Rulemaking authority.--In prescribing 
                      rules under this subparagraph, the Board may 
                      impose standards or requirements regarding the 
                      provision of the storefront and Internet notices 
                      required under this subparagraph and the provision 
                      of the disclosures required under paragraphs (2) 
                      and (3).
                    ``(B) Study and analysis.--Prior to proposing rules 
                under subparagraph (A), the Board shall undertake 
                appropriate studies and analyses, which shall be 
                consistent with section 904(a)(2), and may include an 
                advanced notice of proposed rulemaking, to determine 
                whether a storefront notice or Internet notice 
                facilitates the ability of a consumer--
                          ``(i) to compare prices for remittance 
                      transfers; and


                          ``(ii) to understand the types and amounts of 
                      any fees or costs imposed on remittance transfers.

    ``(b) Foreign Language Disclosures.--The disclosures required under 
this section shall be made in English and in each of the foreign 
languages principally used by the remittance transfer provider, or any 
of its agents, to advertise, solicit, or market, either orally or in 
writing, at that office.
    ``(c) Regulations Regarding Transfers to Certain Nations.--If 
the &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline.&gt;&gt;  Board determines that a recipient nation does 
not legally allow, or the method by which transactions are made in the 
recipient country do not allow, a remittance transfer provider to know 
the amount of currency that will be received by the designated 
recipient, the Board may prescribe rules (not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010) 
addressing the issue, which rules shall include standards for a 
remittance transfer provider to provide--
            ``(1) a receipt that is consistent with subsections (a) and 
        (b); and
            ``(2) a reasonably accurate estimate of the foreign currency 
        to be received, based on the rate provided to the sender by the 
        remittance transfer provider at the time at which the 
        transaction was initiated by the sender.

    ``(d) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Notices. Deadlines.&gt;&gt;  Remittance Transfer Errors.--
            ``(1) Error resolution.--
                    ``(A) In general.--If a remittance transfer provider 
                receives oral or written notice from the sender within 
                180 days of the promised date of delivery that an error 
                occurred with respect to a remittance transfer, 
                including the amount of currency designated in 
                subsection (a)(3)(A) that was to be sent to the 
                designated recipient of the remittance transfer, using 
                the values of the currency into which the funds should 
                have been exchanged, but was not made available to the 
                designated recipient in the foreign country, the 
                remittance transfer provider shall resolve the error 
                pursuant to this subsection and investigate the reason 
                for the error.
                    ``(B) Remedies.--Not later than 90 days after the 
                date of receipt of a notice from the sender pursuant to 
                subparagraph (A), the remittance transfer provider 
                shall, as applicable to the error and as designated by 
                the sender--
                          ``(i) refund to the sender the total amount of 
                      funds tendered by the sender in connection with 
                      the remittance transfer which was not properly 
                      transmitted;
                          ``(ii) make available to the designated 
                      recipient, without additional cost to the 
                      designated recipient or to the sender, the amount 
                      appropriate to resolve the error;
                          ``(iii) provide such other remedy, as 
                      determined appropriate by rule of the Board for 
                      the protection of senders; or
                          ``(iv) provide written notice to the sender 
                      that there was no error with an explanation 
                      responding to the specific complaint of the 
                      sender.
            ``(2) Rules.--The Board &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline.&gt;&gt;  shall 
        establish, by rule issued not later than 18 months after the 
        date of enactment of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 
        2010, clear and appropriate standards for remittance transfer 
        providers with respect to


        error resolution relating to remittance transfers, to protect 
        senders from such errors. Standards prescribed under this 
        paragraph shall include appropriate standards regarding record 
        keeping, as required, including documentation--
                    ``(A) of the complaint of the sender;
                    ``(B) that the sender provides the remittance 
                transfer provider with respect to the alleged error; and
                    ``(C) of the findings of the remittance transfer 
                provider regarding the investigation of the alleged 
                error that the sender brought to their attention.
            ``(3) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline.&gt;&gt;  Cancellation and refund policy 
        rules.--Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of 
        the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, the Board shall 
        issue final rules regarding appropriate remittance transfer 
        cancellation and refund policies for consumers.

    ``(e) Applicability of This Title.--
            ``(1) In general.--A remittance transfer that is not an 
        electronic fund transfer, as defined in section 903, shall not 
        be subject to any of the provisions of sections 905 through 913. 
        A remittance transfer that is an electronic fund transfer, as 
        defined in section 903, shall be subject to all provisions of 
        this title, except for section 908, that are otherwise 
        applicable to electronic fund transfers under this title.
            ``(2) Rule of construction.--Nothing in this section shall 
        be construed--
                    ``(A) to affect the application to any transaction, 
                to any remittance provider, or to any other person of 
                any of the provisions of subchapter II of chapter 53 of 
                title 31, United States Code, section 21 of the Federal 
                Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1829b), or chapter 2 of 
                title I of Public Law 91-508 (12 U.S.C. 1951-1959), or 
                any regulations promulgated thereunder; or
                    ``(B) to cause any fund transfer that would not 
                otherwise be treated as such under paragraph (1) to be 
                treated as an electronic fund transfer, or as otherwise 
                subject to this title, for the purposes of any of the 
                provisions referred to in subparagraph (A) or any 
                regulations promulgated thereunder.

    ``(f) Acts of Agents.--
            ``(1) In general.--A remittance transfer provider shall be 
        liable for any violation of this section by any agent, 
        authorized delegate, or person affiliated with such provider, 
        when such agent, authorized delegate, or affiliate acts for that 
        remittance transfer provider.
            ``(2) Obligations of remittance transfer providers.--The 
        Board shall prescribe rules to implement appropriate standards 
        or conditions of, liability of a remittance transfer provider, 
        including a provider who acts through an agent or authorized 
        delegate. An agency charged with enforcing the requirements of 
        this section, or rules prescribed by the Board under this 
        section, may consider, in any action or other proceeding against 
        a remittance transfer provider, the extent to which the provider 
        had established and maintained policies or procedures for 
        compliance, including policies, procedures, or other appropriate 
        oversight measures designed to assure compliance by an agent or 
        authorized delegate acting for such provider.


    ``(g) Definitions.--As used in this section--
            ``(1) the term `designated recipient' means any person 
        located in a foreign country and identified by the sender as the 
        authorized recipient of a remittance transfer to be made by a 
        remittance transfer provider, except that a designated recipient 
        shall not be deemed to be a consumer for purposes of this Act;
            ``(2) the term `remittance transfer'--
                    ``(A) means the electronic (as defined in section 
                106(2) of the Electronic Signatures in Global and 
                National Commerce Act (15 U.S.C. 7006(2))) transfer of 
                funds requested by a sender located in any State to a 
                designated recipient that is initiated by a remittance 
                transfer provider, whether or not the sender holds an 
                account with the remittance transfer provider or whether 
                or not the remittance transfer is also an electronic 
                fund transfer, as defined in section 903; and
                    ``(B) does not include a transfer described in 
                subparagraph (A) in an amount that is equal to or lesser 
                than the amount of a small-value transaction determined, 
                by rule, to be excluded from the requirements under 
                section 906(a);
            ``(3) the term `remittance transfer provider' means any 
        person or financial institution that provides remittance 
        transfers for a consumer in the normal course of its business, 
        whether or not the consumer holds an account with such person or 
        financial institution; and
            ``(4) the term `sender' means a consumer who requests a 
        remittance provider to send a remittance transfer for the 
        consumer to a designated recipient.''.

    (b) Automated Clearinghouse System.--
            (1) Expansion of system.--The Board of Governors shall work 
        with the Federal reserve banks and the Department of the 
        Treasury to expand the use of the automated clearinghouse system 
        and other payment mechanisms for remittance transfers to foreign 
        countries, with a focus on countries that receive significant 
        remittance transfers from the United States, based on--
                    (A) the number, volume, and size of such transfers;
                    (B) the significance of the volume of such transfers 
                relative to the external financial flows of the 
                receiving country, including--
                          (i) the total amount transferred; and
                          (ii) the total volume of payments made by 
                      United States Government agencies to beneficiaries 
                      and retirees living abroad;
                    (C) the feasibility of such an expansion; and
                    (D) the ability of the Federal Reserve System to 
                establish payment gateways in different geographic 
                regions and currency zones to receive remittance 
                transfers and route them through the payments systems in 
                the destination countries.
            (2) Report to congress.--Not later than one calendar year 
        after the date of enactment of this Act, and on April 30 
        biennially thereafter during the 10-year period beginning on 
        that date of enactment, the Board of Governors shall submit a 
        report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban


        Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of 
        the House of Representatives on the status of the automated 
        clearinghouse system and its progress in complying with the 
        requirements of this subsection. The report shall include an 
        analysis of adoption rates of International ACH Transactions 
        rules and formats, the efficacy of increasing adoption rates, 
        and potential recommendations to increase adoption.

    (c) Expansion of Financial Institution Provision of Remittance 
Transfers.--
            (1) Provision of guidelines to institutions.--Each of the 
        Federal banking agencies and the National Credit Union 
        Administration shall provide guidelines to financial 
        institutions under the jurisdiction of the agency regarding the 
        offering of low-cost remittance transfers and no-cost or low-
        cost basic consumer accounts, as well as agency services to 
        remittance transfer providers.
            (2) Assistance to financial literacy commission.--As part of 
        its duties as members of the Financial Literacy and Education 
        Commission, the Bureau, the Federal banking agencies, and the 
        National Credit Union Administration shall assist the Financial 
        Literacy and Education Commission in executing the Strategy for 
        Assuring Financial Empowerment (or the ``SAFE Strategy''), as it 
        relates to remittances.

    (d) Federal Credit Union Act Conforming Amendment.--Paragraph (12) 
of section 107 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757) is 
amended to read as follows:
            ``(12) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the 
        Board--
                    ``(A) to sell, to persons in the field of 
                membership, negotiable checks (including travelers 
                checks), money orders, and other similar money transfer 
                instruments (including international and domestic 
                electronic fund transfers and remittance transfers, as 
                defined in section 919 of the Electronic Fund Transfer 
                Act); and
                    ``(B) to cash checks and money orders for persons in 
                the field of membership for a fee;''.

    (e) Report on Feasibility of and Impediments to Use of Remittance 
History in Calculation of Credit Score.--Before the end of the 365-day 
period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Director 
shall submit a report to the President, the Committee on Banking, 
Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Financial 
Services of the House of Representatives regarding--
            (1) the manner in which the remittance history of a consumer 
        could be used to enhance the credit score of the consumer;
            (2) the current legal and business model barriers and 
        impediments that impede the use of the remittance history of the 
        consumer to enhance the credit score of the consumer; and
            (3) recommendations on the manner in which maximum 
        transparency and disclosure to consumers of exchange rates for 
        remittance transfers subject to this title and the amendments 
        made by this title may be accomplished, whether or not such 
        exchange rates are known at the time of origination or payment 
        by the consumer for the remittance transfer, including 
        disclosure to the sender of the actual exchange rate


        used and the amount of currency that the recipient of the 
        remittance transfer received, using the values of the currency 
        into which the funds were exchanged, as contained in sections 
        919(a)(2)(D) and 919(a)(3) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act 
        (as amended by this section).
