                          APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2009.

    Section 626 of the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009 (15 U.S.C. 1638 
note) is amended--
            (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following:

    ``(a)(1) The &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  Bureau of Consumer Financial 
Protection shall have authority to prescribe rules with respect to 
mortgage loans in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States 
Code. Such rulemaking shall relate to unfair or deceptive acts or 
practices regarding mortgage loans, which may include unfair or 
deceptive acts or practices involving loan modification and foreclosure 
rescue services. Any violation of a rule prescribed under this paragraph 
shall be treated as a violation of a rule prohibiting unfair, deceptive, 
or abusive acts or practices under the Consumer Financial Protection Act 
of 2010 and a violation of a rule under section 18 of the Federal Trade 
Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a) regarding unfair or deceptive acts or 
practices.

    ``(2) The Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall enforce the 
rules issued under paragraph (1) in the same manner, by the same means, 
and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties, as though all 
applicable terms and provisions of the Consumer Financial Protection Act 
of 2010 were incorporated into and made part of this subsection.
    ``(3) Subject to subtitle B of the Consumer Financial Protection Act 
of 2010, the Federal Trade Commission shall enforce the rules issued 
under paragraph (1), in the same manner, by the same means, and with the 
same jurisdiction, as though all applicable terms and provisions of the 
Federal Trade Commission Act were incorporated into and made part of 
this section.''; and


            (2) in subsection (b)--
                    (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the 
                following:
            ``(1) Except as provided in paragraph (6), in any case in 
        which the attorney general of a State has reason to believe that 
        an interest of the residents of the State has been or is 
        threatened or adversely affected by the engagement of any person 
        subject to a rule prescribed under subsection (a) in practices 
        that violate such rule, the State, as parens patriae, may bring 
        a civil action on behalf of its residents in an appropriate 
        district court of the United States or other court of competent 
        jurisdiction--
                    ``(A) to enjoin that practice;
                    ``(B) to enforce compliance with the rule;
                    ``(C) to obtain damages, restitution, or other 
                compensation on behalf of the residents of the State; or
                    ``(D) to obtain penalties and relief provided under 
                the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, the 
                Federal Trade Commission Act, and such other relief as 
                the court deems appropriate.'';
                    (B) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by striking ``the 
                primary Federal regulator'' each time the term appears 
                and inserting ``the Bureau of Consumer Financial 
                Protection or the Commission, as appropriate'';
                    (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ``and subject to 
                subtitle B of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 
                2010,'' after ``paragraph (2),''; and
                    (D) in paragraph (6), by striking ``the primary 
                Federal regulator'' each place that term appears and 
                inserting ``the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection 
                or the Commission''.
