
    (a) In General.--Section 129C of the Truth in Lending Act is amended 
by inserting after subsection (b) (as added by this title) the following 
new subsections:
    ``(c) Prohibition on Certain Prepayment Penalties.--
            ``(1) Prohibited on certain loans.--
                    ``(A) In general.--A residential mortgage loan that 
                is not a `qualified mortgage', as defined under 
                subsection (b)(2), may not contain terms under which a 
                consumer must pay a prepayment penalty for paying all or 
                part of the principal after the loan is consummated.
                    ``(B) Exclusions.--For purposes of this subsection, 
                a `qualified mortgage' may not include a residential 
                mortgage loan that--
                          ``(i) has an adjustable rate; or
                          ``(ii) has an annual percentage rate that 
                      exceeds the average prime offer rate for a 
                      comparable transaction, as of the date the 
                      interest rate is set--
                                    ``(I) by 1.5 or more percentage 
                                points, in the case of a first lien 
                                residential mortgage loan having a 
                                original principal obligation amount 
                                that is equal to or less than the amount 
                                of the maximum limitation on the 
                                original principal obligation of 
                                mortgage in effect for a residence of 
                                the applicable size, as of the date of 
                                such interest rate set, pursuant to the 
                                6th sentence of section 305(a)(2) the 
                                Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
                                Act (12 U.S.C. 1454(a)(2));
                                    ``(II) by 2.5 or more percentage 
                                points, in the case of a first lien 
                                residential mortgage loan having a 
                                original principal obligation amount 
                                that is more than the amount of the 
                                maximum limitation on the original 
                                principal obligation of mortgage in


                                effect for a residence of the applicable 
                                size, as of the date of such interest 
                                rate set, pursuant to the 6th sentence 
                                of section 305(a)(2) the Federal Home 
                                Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 
                                1454(a)(2)); and
                                    ``(III) by 3.5 or more percentage 
                                points, in the case of a subordinate 
                                lien residential mortgage loan.
            ``(2)  Publication of average prime offer rate and apr 
        thresholds.--The Board--
                    ``(A) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline.&gt;&gt; shall publish, and update 
                at least weekly, average prime offer rates;
                    ``(B) may publish multiple rates based on varying 
                types of mortgage transactions; and
                    ``(C) shall adjust the thresholds established under 
                subclause (I), (II), and (III) of paragraph (1)(B)(ii) 
                as necessary to reflect significant changes in market 
                conditions and to effectuate the purposes of the 
                Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending Act.
            ``(3) Phased-out &lt;&lt;NOTE: Time periods.&gt;&gt; penalties on 
        qualified mortgages.--A qualified mortgage (as defined in 
        subsection (b)(2)) may not contain terms under which a consumer 
        must pay a prepayment penalty for paying all or part of the 
        principal after the loan is consummated in excess of the 
        following limitations:
                    ``(A) During the 1-year period beginning on the date 
                the loan is consummated, the prepayment penalty shall 
                not exceed an amount equal to 3 percent of the 
                outstanding balance on the loan.
                    ``(B) During the 1-year period beginning after the 
                period described in subparagraph (A), the prepayment 
                penalty shall not exceed an amount equal to 2 percent of 
                the outstanding balance on the loan.
                    ``(C) During the 1-year period beginning after the 
                1-year period described in subparagraph (B), the 
                prepayment penalty shall not exceed an amount equal to 1 
                percent of the outstanding balance on the loan.
                    ``(D) After the end of the 3-year period beginning 
                on the date the loan is consummated, no prepayment 
                penalty may be imposed on a qualified mortgage.
            ``(4) Option for no prepayment penalty required.--A creditor 
        may not offer a consumer a residential mortgage loan product 
        that has a prepayment penalty for paying all or part of the 
        principal after the loan is consummated as a term of the loan 
        without offering the consumer a residential mortgage loan 
        product that does not have a prepayment penalty as a term of the 
        loan.

    ``(d) Single Premium Credit Insurance Prohibited.--No creditor may 
finance, directly or indirectly, in connection with any residential 
mortgage loan or with any extension of credit under an open end consumer 
credit plan secured by the principal dwelling of the consumer, any 
credit life, credit disability, credit unemployment, or credit property 
insurance, or any other accident, loss-of-income, life, or health 
insurance, or any payments directly or indirectly for any debt 
cancellation or suspension agreement or contract, except that--


            ``(1) insurance premiums or debt cancellation or suspension 
        fees calculated and paid in full on a monthly basis shall not be 
        considered financed by the creditor; and
            ``(2) this subsection shall not apply to credit unemployment 
        insurance for which the unemployment insurance premiums are 
        reasonable, the creditor receives no direct or indirect 
        compensation in connection with the unemployment insurance 
        premiums, and the unemployment insurance premiums are paid 
        pursuant to another insurance contract and not paid to an 
        affiliate of the creditor.

    ``(e) Arbitration.--
            ``(1) In general.--No residential mortgage loan and no 
        extension of credit under an open end consumer credit plan 
        secured by the principal dwelling of the consumer may include 
        terms which require arbitration or any other nonjudicial 
        procedure as the method for resolving any controversy or 
        settling any claims arising out of the transaction.
            ``(2) Post-controversy agreements.--Subject to paragraph 
        (3), paragraph (1) shall not be construed as limiting the right 
        of the consumer and the creditor or any assignee to agree to 
        arbitration or any other nonjudicial procedure as the method for 
        resolving any controversy at any time after a dispute or claim 
        under the transaction arises.
            ``(3) No waiver of statutory cause of action.--No provision 
        of any residential mortgage loan or of any extension of credit 
        under an open end consumer credit plan secured by the principal 
        dwelling of the consumer, and no other agreement between the 
        consumer and the creditor relating to the residential mortgage 
        loan or extension of credit referred to in paragraph (1), shall 
        be applied or interpreted so as to bar a consumer from bringing 
        an action in an appropriate district court of the United States, 
        or any other court of competent jurisdiction, pursuant to 
        section 130 or any other provision of law, for damages or other 
        relief in connection with any alleged violation of this section, 
        any other provision of this title, or any other Federal law.

    ``(f) Mortgages With Negative Amortization.--No creditor may extend 
credit to a borrower in connection with a consumer credit transaction 
under an open or closed end consumer credit plan secured by a dwelling 
or residential real property that includes a dwelling, other than a 
reverse mortgage, that provides or permits a payment plan that may, at 
any time over the term of the extension of credit, result in negative 
amortization unless, before such transaction is consummated--
            ``(1) the creditor provides the consumer with a statement 
        that--
                    ``(A) the pending transaction will or may, as the 
                case may be, result in negative amortization;
                    ``(B) describes negative amortization in such manner 
                as the Board shall prescribe;
                    ``(C) negative amortization increases the 
                outstanding principal balance of the account; and
                    ``(D) negative amortization reduces the consumer's 
                equity in the dwelling or real property; and
            ``(2) in the case of a first-time borrower with respect to a 
        residential mortgage loan that is not a qualified mortgage, the 
        first-time borrower provides the creditor with sufficient


        documentation to demonstrate that the consumer received 
        homeownership counseling from organizations or counselors 
        certified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as 
        competent to provide such counseling.''.

    (b) Conforming Amendment Relating to Enforcement.--Section 108(a) of 
the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1607(a)) is amended by inserting 
after paragraph (6) the following new paragraph:
            ``(7) sections 21B and 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 
        1934, in the case of a broker or dealer, other than a depository 
        institution, by the Securities and Exchange Commission.''.

    (c) Protection Against Loss of Anti-deficiency Protection.--Section 
129C of the Truth in Lending Act is amended by inserting after 
subsection (f) (as added by subsection (a)) the following new 
subsection:
    ``(g) Protection Against Loss of Anti-deficiency Protection.--
            ``(1) Definition.--For purposes of this subsection, the term 
        `anti-deficiency law' means the law of any State which provides 
        that, in the event of foreclosure on the residential property of 
        a consumer securing a mortgage, the consumer is not liable, in 
        accordance with the terms and limitations of such State law, for 
        any deficiency between the sale price obtained on such property 
        through foreclosure and the outstanding balance of the mortgage.
            ``(2) Notice at time of consummation.--In the case of any 
        residential mortgage loan that is, or upon consummation will be, 
        subject to protection under an anti-deficiency law, the creditor 
        or mortgage originator shall provide a written notice to the 
        consumer describing the protection provided by the anti-
        deficiency law and the significance for the consumer of the loss 
        of such protection before such loan is consummated.
            ``(3) Notice before refinancing that would cause loss of 
        protection.--In the case of any residential mortgage loan that 
        is subject to protection under an anti-deficiency law, if a 
        creditor or mortgage originator provides an application to a 
        consumer, or receives an application from a consumer, for any 
        type of refinancing for such loan that would cause the loan to 
        lose the protection of such anti-deficiency law, the creditor or 
        mortgage originator shall provide a written notice to the 
        consumer describing the protection provided by the anti-
        deficiency law and the significance for the consumer of the loss 
        of such protection before any agreement for any such refinancing 
        is consummated.''.

    (d) Policy Regarding Acceptance of Partial Payment.--Section 129C of 
the Truth in Lending Act is amended by inserting after subsection (g) 
(as added by subsection (c)) the following new subsection:
    ``(h) Policy Regarding Acceptance of Partial Payment.--In the case 
of any residential mortgage loan, a creditor shall disclose prior to 
settlement or, in the case of a person becoming a creditor with respect 
to an existing residential mortgage loan, at the time such person 
becomes a creditor--
            ``(1) the creditor's policy regarding the acceptance of 
        partial payments; and


            ``(2) if partial payments are accepted, how such payments 
        will be applied to such mortgage and if such payments will be 
        placed in escrow.

    ``(i) Timeshare Plans.--This section and any regulations promulgated 
under this section do not apply to an extension of credit relating to a 
plan described in section 101(53D) of title 11, United States Code.''.
