                        INTEREST.

    (a) In General.--In &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline.&gt;&gt;  order to mitigate conflicts 
of interest, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the 
Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010, the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission shall adopt rules which may include numerical 
limits on the control of, or the voting rights with respect to, any 
derivatives clearing organization that clears swaps, or swap execution 
facility or board of trade designated as a contract market that posts 
swaps or makes swaps available for trading, by a bank holding company 
(as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 
U.S.C. 1841)) with total consolidated assets of $50,000,000,000 or more, 
a nonbank financial company (as defined in section 102) supervised by 
the Board, an affiliate of such a bank holding company or nonbank 
financial company, a swap dealer, major swap participant, or associated 
person of a swap dealer or major swap participant.

    (b) Purposes.--The Commission shall adopt rules if it determines, 
after the review described in subsection (a), that such rules are 
necessary or appropriate to improve the governance of, or to mitigate 
systemic risk, promote competition, or mitigate conflicts of interest in 
connection with a swap dealer or major swap participant's conduct of 
business with, a derivatives clearing organization, contract market, or 
swap execution facility that clears or posts swaps or makes swaps 
available for trading and in which such swap dealer or major swap 
participant has a material debt or equity investment.
    (c) Considerations.--In adopting rules pursuant to this section, the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall consider any conflicts of 
interest arising from the amount of equity owned by a single investor, 
the ability to vote, cause the vote of, or withhold votes entitled to be 
cast on any matters by the holders of the ownership interest, and the 
governance arrangements of any derivatives clearing organization that 
clears swaps, or swap


execution facility or board of trade designated as a contract market 
that posts swaps or makes swaps available for trading.
