
    The Commodity Exchange Act is amended by inserting after section 5g 
(7 U.S.C. 7b-2) the following:
``SEC. 5h. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 7 USC 7b-3.&gt;&gt;  SWAP EXECUTION FACILITIES.

    ``(a) Registration.--
            ``(1) In general.--No person may operate a facility for the 
        trading or processing of swaps unless the facility is registered 
        as a swap execution facility or as a designated contract market 
        under this section.


            ``(2) Dual registration.--Any person that is registered as a 
        swap execution facility under this section shall register with 
        the Commission regardless of whether the person also is 
        registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a swap 
        execution facility.

    ``(b) Trading and Trade Processing.--
            ``(1) In general.--Except as specified in paragraph (2), a 
        swap execution facility that is registered under subsection (a) 
        may--
                    ``(A) make available for trading any swap; and
                    ``(B) facilitate trade processing of any swap.
            ``(2) Agricultural swaps.--A swap execution facility may not 
        list for trading or confirm the execution of any swap in an 
        agricultural commodity (as defined by the Commission) except 
        pursuant to a rule or regulation of the Commission allowing the 
        swap under such terms and conditions as the Commission shall 
        prescribe.

    ``(c) Identification of Facility Used To Trade Swaps by Contract 
Markets.--A board of trade that operates a contract market shall, to the 
extent that the board of trade also operates a swap execution facility 
and uses the same electronic trade execution system for listing and 
executing trades of swaps on or through the contract market and the swap 
execution facility, identify whether the electronic trading of such 
swaps is taking place on or through the contract market or the swap 
execution facility.
    ``(d) Rule-writing.--
            ``(1) The Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity 
        Futures Trading Commission may promulgate rules defining the 
        universe of swaps that can be executed on a swap execution 
        facility. These rules shall take into account the price and 
        nonprice requirements of the counterparties to a swap and the 
        goal of this section as set forth in subsection (e).
            ``(2) For all swaps that are not required to be executed 
        through a swap execution facility as defined in paragraph (1), 
        such trades may be executed through any other available means of 
        interstate commerce.
            ``(3) The Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity 
        Futures Trading Commission shall update these rules as necessary 
        to account for technological and other innovation.

    ``(e) Rule of Construction.--The goal of this section is to promote 
the trading of swaps on swap execution facilities and to promote pre-
trade price transparency in the swaps market.
    ``(f) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  Core Principles for Swap Execution 
Facilities.--
            ``(1) Compliance with core principles.--
                    ``(A) In general.--To be registered, and maintain 
                registration, as a swap execution facility, the swap 
                execution facility shall comply with--
                          ``(i) the core principles described in this 
                      subsection; and
                          ``(ii) any requirement that the Commission may 
                      impose by rule or regulation pursuant to section 
                      8a(5).
                    ``(B) Reasonable discretion of swap execution 
                facility.--Unless otherwise determined by the Commission 
                by rule or regulation, a swap execution facility


                described in subparagraph (A) shall have reasonable 
                discretion in establishing the manner in which the swap 
                execution facility complies with the core principles 
                described in this subsection.
            ``(2) Compliance with rules.--A swap execution facility 
        shall--
                    ``(A) establish and enforce compliance with any rule 
                of the swap execution facility, including--
                          ``(i) the terms and conditions of the swaps 
                      traded or processed on or through the swap 
                      execution facility; and
                          ``(ii) any limitation on access to the swap 
                      execution facility;
                    ``(B) establish and enforce trading, trade 
                processing, and participation rules that will deter 
                abuses and have the capacity to detect, investigate, and 
                enforce those rules, including means--
                          ``(i) to provide market participants with 
                      impartial access to the market; and
                          ``(ii) to capture information that may be used 
                      in establishing whether rule violations have 
                      occurred;
                    ``(C) establish rules governing the operation of the 
                facility, including rules specifying trading procedures 
                to be used in entering and executing orders traded or 
                posted on the facility, including block trades; and
                    ``(D) provide by its rules that when a swap dealer 
                or major swap participant enters into or facilitates a 
                swap that is subject to the mandatory clearing 
                requirement of section 2(h), the swap dealer or major 
                swap participant shall be responsible for compliance 
                with the mandatory trading requirement under section 
                2(h)(8).
            ``(3) Swaps not readily susceptible to manipulation.--The 
        swap execution facility shall permit trading only in swaps that 
        are not readily susceptible to manipulation.
            ``(4) Monitoring of trading and trade processing.--The swap 
        execution facility shall--
                    ``(A) establish and enforce rules or terms and 
                conditions defining, or specifications detailing--
                          ``(i) trading procedures to be used in 
                      entering and executing orders traded on or through 
                      the facilities of the swap execution facility; and
                          ``(ii) procedures for trade processing of 
                      swaps on or through the facilities of the swap 
                      execution facility; and
                    ``(B) monitor trading in swaps to prevent 
                manipulation, price distortion, and disruptions of the 
                delivery or cash settlement process through 
                surveillance, compliance, and disciplinary practices and 
                procedures, including methods for conducting real-time 
                monitoring of trading and comprehensive and accurate 
                trade reconstructions.
            ``(5) Ability to obtain information.--The swap execution 
        facility shall--
                    ``(A) establish and enforce rules that will allow 
                the facility to obtain any necessary information to 
                perform any of the functions described in this section;
                    ``(B) provide the information to the Commission on 
                request; and


                    ``(C) have the capacity to carry out such 
                international information-sharing agreements as the 
                Commission may require.
            ``(6) Position limits or accountability.--
                    ``(A) In general.--To reduce the potential threat of 
                market manipulation or congestion, especially during 
                trading in the delivery month, a swap execution facility 
                that is a trading facility shall adopt for each of the 
                contracts of the facility, as is necessary and 
                appropriate, position limitations or position 
                accountability for speculators.
                    ``(B) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Contracts.&gt;&gt;  Position limits.--For 
                any contract that is subject to a position limitation 
                established by the Commission pursuant to section 4a(a), 
                the swap execution facility shall--
                          ``(i) set its position limitation at a level 
                      no higher than the Commission limitation; and
                          ``(ii) monitor positions established on or 
                      through the swap execution facility for compliance 
                      with the limit set by the Commission and the 
                      limit, if any, set by the swap execution facility.
            ``(7) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Procedures.&gt;&gt;  Financial integrity of 
        transactions.--The swap execution facility shall establish and 
        enforce rules and procedures for ensuring the financial 
        integrity of swaps entered on or through the facilities of the 
        swap execution facility, including the clearance and settlement 
        of the swaps pursuant to section 2(h)(1).
            ``(8) Emergency authority.--The swap execution facility 
        shall adopt rules to provide for the exercise of emergency 
        authority, in consultation or cooperation with the Commission, 
        as is necessary and appropriate, including the authority to 
        liquidate or transfer open positions in any swap or to suspend 
        or curtail trading in a swap.
            ``(9) Timely publication of trading information.--
                    ``(A) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Public information.&gt;&gt;  In general.--
                The swap execution facility shall make public timely 
                information on price, trading volume, and other trading 
                data on swaps to the extent prescribed by the 
                Commission.
                    ``(B) Capacity of swap execution facility.--The swap 
                execution facility shall be required to have the 
                capacity to electronically capture and transmit trade 
                information with respect to transactions executed on the 
                facility.
            ``(10) Recordkeeping and reporting.--
                    ``(A) In general.--A swap execution facility shall--
                          ``(i) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Time period.&gt;&gt;  maintain records 
                      of all activities relating to the business of the 
                      facility, including a complete audit trail, in a 
                      form and manner acceptable to the Commission for a 
                      period of 5 years;
                          ``(ii) report to the Commission, in a form and 
                      manner acceptable to the Commission, such 
                      information as the Commission determines to be 
                      necessary or appropriate for the Commission to 
                      perform the duties of the Commission under this 
                      Act; and
                          ``(iii) shall keep any such records relating 
                      to swaps defined in section 1a(47)(A)(v) open to 
                      inspection and examination by the Securities and 
                      Exchange Commission.''


                    ``(B) Requirements.--The Commission shall adopt data 
                collection and reporting requirements for swap execution 
                facilities that are comparable to corresponding 
                requirements for derivatives clearing organizations and 
                swap data repositories.
            ``(11) Antitrust considerations.--Unless necessary or 
        appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Act, the swap 
        execution facility shall not--
                    ``(A) adopt any rules or taking any actions that 
                result in any unreasonable restraint of trade; or
                    ``(B) impose any material anticompetitive burden on 
                trading or clearing.
            ``(12) Conflicts of interest.--The swap execution facility 
        shall--
                    ``(A) establish and enforce rules to minimize 
                conflicts of interest in its decision-making process; 
                and
                    ``(B) establish a process for resolving the 
                conflicts of interest.
            ``(13) Financial resources.--
                    ``(A) In general.--The swap execution facility shall 
                have adequate financial, operational, and managerial 
                resources to discharge each responsibility of the swap 
                execution facility.
                    ``(B &lt;&lt;NOTE: Time period.&gt;&gt;  Determination of 
                resource adequacy.--The financial resources of a swap 
                execution facility shall be considered to be adequate if 
                the value of the financial resources exceeds the total 
                amount that would enable the swap execution facility to 
                cover the operating costs of the swap execution facility 
                for a 1-year period, as calculated on a rolling basis.
            ``(14) System safeguards.--The swap execution facility 
        shall--
                    ``(A) establish and maintain a program of risk 
                analysis and oversight to identify and minimize sources 
                of operational risk, through the development of 
                appropriate controls and procedures, and automated 
                systems, that--
                          ``(i) are reliable and secure; and
                          ``(ii) have adequate scalable capacity;
                    ``(B) establish and maintain emergency procedures, 
                backup facilities, and a plan for disaster recovery that 
                allow for--
                          ``(i) the timely recovery and resumption of 
                      operations; and
                          ``(ii) the fulfillment of the responsibilities 
                      and obligations of the swap execution facility; 
                      and
                    ``(C) periodically conduct tests to verify that the 
                backup resources of the swap execution facility are 
                sufficient to ensure continued--
                          ``(i) order processing and trade matching;
                          ``(ii) price reporting;
                          ``(iii) market surveillance and
                          ``(iv) maintenance of a comprehensive and 
                      accurate audit trail.
            ``(15) Designation of chief compliance officer.--
                    ``(A) In general.--Each swap execution facility 
                shall designate an individual to serve as a chief 
                compliance officer.


                    ``(B) Duties.--The chief compliance officer shall--
                          ``(i) report directly to the board or to the 
                      senior officer of the facility;
                          ``(ii) review compliance with the core 
                      principles in this subsection;
                          ``(iii) in consultation with the board of the 
                      facility, a body performing a function similar to 
                      that of a board, or the senior officer of the 
                      facility, resolve any conflicts of interest that 
                      may arise;
                          ``(iv) be responsible for establishing and 
                      administering the policies and procedures required 
                      to be established pursuant to this section;
                          ``(v) ensure compliance with this Act and the 
                      rules and regulations issued under this Act, 
                      including rules prescribed by the Commission 
                      pursuant to this section; and
                          ``(vi) establish procedures for the 
                      remediation of noncompliance issues found during 
                      compliance office reviews, look backs, internal or 
                      external audit findings, self-reported errors, or 
                      through validated complaints.
                    ``(C) Requirements for procedures.--In establishing 
                procedures under subparagraph (B)(vi), the chief 
                compliance officer shall design the procedures to 
                establish the handling, management response, 
                remediation, retesting, and closing of noncompliance 
                issues.
                    ``(D) Annual reports.--
                          ``(i) In general.--In accordance with rules 
                      prescribed by the Commission, the chief compliance 
                      officer shall annually prepare and sign a report 
                      that contains a description of--
                                    ``(I) the compliance of the swap 
                                execution facility with this Act; and
                                    ``(II) the policies and procedures, 
                                including the code of ethics and 
                                conflict of interest policies, of the 
                                swap execution facility.
                          ``(ii) Requirements.--The chief compliance 
                      officer shall--
                                    ``(I) submit each report described 
                                in clause (i) with the appropriate 
                                financial report of the swap execution 
                                facility that is required to be 
                                submitted to the Commission pursuant to 
                                this section; and
                                    ``(II) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Certification.&gt;&gt;  
                                include in the report a certification 
                                that, under penalty of law, the report 
                                is accurate and complete.

    ``(g) Exemptions.--The Commission may exempt, conditionally or 
unconditionally, a swap execution facility from registration under this 
section if the Commission finds that the facility is subject to 
comparable, comprehensive supervision and regulation on a consolidated 
basis by the Securities and Exchange Commission, a prudential regulator, 
or the appropriate governmental authorities in the home country of the 
facility.
    ``(h) Rules.--The Commission shall prescribe rules governing the 
regulation of alternative swap execution facilities under this 
section.''.


