
    (a) Enforcement Authority.--The Commodity Exchange Act is amended by 
inserting after section 4b (7 U.S.C. 6b) the following:
``SEC. 4b-1. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 7 USC 6b-1.&gt;&gt; ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY.

    ``(a) Commodity Futures Trading Commission.--Except as provided in 
subsections (b), (c), and (d), the Commission shall have exclusive 
authority to enforce the provisions of subtitle A of the


Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 with respect to 
any person.
    ``(b) Prudential Regulators.--The prudential regulators shall have 
exclusive authority to enforce the provisions of section 4s(e) with 
respect to swap dealers or major swap participants for which they are 
the prudential regulator.
    ``(c) Referrals.--
            ``(1) Prudential regulators.--If the prudential regulator 
        for a swap dealer or major swap participant has cause to believe 
        that the swap dealer or major swap participant, or any affiliate 
        or division of the swap dealer or major swap participant, may 
        have engaged in conduct that constitutes a violation of the 
        nonprudential requirements of this Act (including section 4s or 
        rules adopted by the Commission under that section), the 
        prudential regulator may promptly notify the Commission in a 
        written report that includes--
                    ``(A) a request that the Commission initiate an 
                enforcement proceeding under this Act; and
                    ``(B) an explanation of the facts and circumstances 
                that led to the preparation of the written report.
            ``(2) Commission.--If the Commission has cause to believe 
        that a swap dealer or major swap participant that has a 
        prudential regulator may have engaged in conduct that 
        constitutes a violation of any prudential requirement of section 
        4s or rules adopted by the Commission under that section, the 
        Commission may notify the prudential regulator of the conduct in 
        a written report that includes--
                    ``(A) a request that the prudential regulator 
                initiate an enforcement proceeding under this Act or any 
                other Federal law (including regulations); and
                    ``(B) an explanation of the concerns of the 
                Commission, and a description of the facts and 
                circumstances, that led to the preparation of the 
                written report.

    ``(d) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Time period.&gt;&gt;  Backstop Enforcement Authority.--
            ``(1) Initiation of enforcement proceeding by prudential 
        regulator.--If the Commission does not initiate an enforcement 
        proceeding before the end of the 90-day period beginning on the 
        date on which the Commission receives a written report under 
        subsection (c)(1), the prudential regulator may initiate an 
        enforcement proceeding.
            ``(2) Initiation of enforcement proceeding by commission.--
        If the prudential regulator does not initiate an enforcement 
        proceeding before the end of the 90-day period beginning on the 
        date on which the prudential regulator receives a written report 
        under subsection (c)(2), the Commission may initiate an 
        enforcement proceeding.''.

    (b) Conforming Amendments.--
            (1) Section 4b of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 6b) 
        is amended--
                    (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ``or other 
                agreement, contract, or transaction subject to 
                paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 5a(g),'' and inserting 
                ``or swap,'';
                    (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``or other 
                agreement, contract or transaction subject to paragraphs 
                (1) and (2) of section 5a(g),'' and inserting ``or 
                swap,''; and
                    (C) by adding at the end the following:


    ``(e) It shall be unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly, 
by the use of any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce, or of 
the mails, or of any facility of any registered entity, in or in 
connection with any order to make, or the making of, any contract of 
sale of any commodity for future delivery (or option on such a 
contract), or any swap, on a group or index of securities (or any 
interest therein or based on the value thereof)--
            ``(1) to employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud;
            ``(2) to make any untrue statement of a material fact or to 
        omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the 
        statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which 
        they were made, not misleading; or
            ``(3) to engage in any act, practice, or course of business 
        which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any 
        person.''.
            (2) Section 4c(a)(1) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 
        6c(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ``or swap'' before ``if the 
        transaction is used or may be used''.
            (3) Section 6(c) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 9) 
        is amended in the first sentence by inserting ``or of any 
        swap,'' before ``or has willfully made''.
            (4) Section 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 
        13b) is amended in the first sentence, in the matter preceding 
        the proviso, by inserting ``or of any swap,'' before ``or 
        otherwise is violating''.
            (5) Section 6c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 
        13a-1(a)) is amended in the matter preceding the proviso by 
        inserting ``or any swap'' after ``commodity for future 
        delivery''.
            (6) Section 9 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 13) is 
        amended--
                    (A) in subsection (a)--
                          (i) in paragraph (2), by inserting ``or of any 
                      swap,'' before ``or to corner''; and
                          (ii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ``swap 
                      data repository,'' before ``or futures 
                      association'' and
                    (B) in subsection (e)(1)--
                          (i) by inserting ``swap data repository,'' 
                      before ``or registered futures association''; and
                          (ii) by inserting ``, or swaps,'' before ``on 
                      the basis''.
            (7) Section 9(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 
        13(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following:
            ``(6) Any person to abuse the end user clearing exemption 
        under section 2(h)(4), as determined by the Commission.''.
            (8) Section 2(c)(2)(B) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 
        U.S.C. 2(c)(2)(B)) is amended--
                    (A) by striking ``(dd),'' each place it appears;
                    (B) in clause (iii), by inserting ``, and accounts 
                or pooled investment vehicles described in clause 
                (vi),'' before ``shall be subject to''; and
                    (C) by adding at the end the following:
                          ``(vi) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Applicability.&gt;&gt;  This Act 
                      applies to, and the Commission shall have 
                      jurisdiction over, an account or pooled investment 
                      vehicle that is offered for the purpose of 
                      trading, or that trades, any agreement, contract, 
                      or transaction in foreign currency described in 
                      clause (i).''.
            (9) Section 2(c)(2)(C) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 
        U.S.C. 2(c)(2)(C)) is amended--


                    (A) by striking ``(dd),'' each place it appears;
                    (B) in clause (ii)(I), by inserting ``, and accounts 
                or pooled investment vehicles described in clause 
                (vii),'' before ``shall be subject to''; and
                    (C) by adding at the end the following:
                          ``(vii) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Applicability.&gt;&gt;  This Act 
                      applies to, and the Commission shall have 
                      jurisdiction over, an account or pooled investment 
                      vehicle that is offered for the purpose of 
                      trading, or that trades, any agreement, contract, 
                      or transaction in foreign currency described in 
                      clause (i).''.
            (10) Section 1a(19)(A)(iv)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
        (7 U.S.C. 1a(19)(A)(iv)(II)) (as redesignated by section 
        721(a)(1)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the 
        end the following: ``provided, however, that for purposes of 
        section 2(c)(2)(B)(vi) and section 2(c)(2)(C)(vii), the term 
        `eligible contract participant' shall not include a commodity 
        pool in which any participant is not otherwise an eligible 
        contract participant''.
            (11) Section 6(e) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 
        9a) is amended by adding at the end the following:
            ``(4) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Penalty.&gt;&gt;  Any designated clearing 
        organization that knowingly or recklessly evades or participates 
        in or facilitates an evasion of the requirements of section 2(h) 
        shall be liable for a civil money penalty in twice the amount 
        otherwise available for a violation of section 2(h).
            ``(5) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Penalty.&gt;&gt;  Any swap dealer or major swap 
        participant that knowingly or recklessly evades or participates 
        in or facilitates an evasion of the requirements of section 2(h) 
        shall be liable for a civil money penalty in twice the amount 
        otherwise available for a violation of section 2(h).''.

    (c) &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 8324.&gt;&gt;  Savings Clause.--Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this title, nothing in this subtitle shall be 
construed as divesting any appropriate Federal banking agency of any 
authority it may have to establish or enforce, with respect to a person 
for which such agency is the appropriate Federal banking agency, 
prudential or other standards pursuant to authority granted by Federal 
law other than this title.
