                        SWAP AGREEMENTS.

    (a) Repeal.--Sections 206B and 206C of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
(Public Law 106-102; 15 U.S.C. 78c note) are repealed.
    (b) Conforming Amendments to Gramm-Leach-Bliley.--Section 206A(a) of 
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 78c note) is amended in the 
material preceding paragraph (1), by striking ``Except as'' and all that 
follows through ``that--'' and inserting the following: ``Except as 
provided in subsection (b), as used in this section, the term `swap 
agreement' means any agreement, contract, or transaction that--''.
    (c) Conforming Amendments to the Securities Act of 1933.--
            (1) Section 2A of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b-
        1) is amended--
                    (A) by striking subsection (a) and reserving that 
                subsection; and
                    (B) by striking ``(as defined in section 206B of the 
                Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)'' each place that such term 
                appears and inserting ``(as defined in section 3(a)(78) 
                of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)''.
            (2) Section 17 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q) 
        is amended--
                    (A) in subsection (a)--


                          (i) by inserting ``(including security-based 
                      swaps)'' after ``securities''; and
                          (ii) by striking ``(as defined in section 206B 
                      of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)'' and inserting 
                      ``(as defined in section 3(a)(78) of the 
                      Securities Exchange Act)''; and
                    (B) in subsection (d), by striking ``206B of the 
                Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act'' and inserting ``3(a)(78) of the 
                Securities Exchange Act of 1934''.

    (d) Conforming Amendments to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.--
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended--
            (1) in section 3A (15 U.S.C. 78c-1)--
                    (A) by striking subsection (a) and reserving that 
                subsection; and
                    (B) by striking ``(as defined in section 206B of the 
                Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)'' each place that the term 
                appears;
            (2) in section 9 (15 U.S.C. 78i)--
                    (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraphs (2) 
                through (5) and inserting the following:

    ``(2) To effect, alone or with 1 or more other persons, a series of 
transactions in any security registered on a national securities 
exchange, any security not so registered, or in connection with any 
security-based swap or security-based swap agreement with respect to 
such security creating actual or apparent active trading in such 
security, or raising or depressing the price of such security, for the 
purpose of inducing the purchase or sale of such security by others.
    ``(3) If a dealer, broker, security-based swap dealer, major 
security-based swap participant, or other person selling or offering for 
sale or purchasing or offering to purchase the security, a security-
based swap, or a security-based swap agreement with respect to such 
security, to induce the purchase or sale of any security registered on a 
national securities exchange, any security not so registered, any 
security-based swap, or any security-based swap agreement with respect 
to such security by the circulation or dissemination in the ordinary 
course of business of information to the effect that the price of any 
such security will or is likely to rise or fall because of market 
operations of any 1 or more persons conducted for the purpose of raising 
or depressing the price of such security.
    ``(4) If a dealer, broker, security-based swap dealer, major 
security-based swap participant, or other person selling or offering for 
sale or purchasing or offering to purchase the security, a security-
based swap, or security-based swap agreement with respect to such 
security, to make, regarding any security registered on a national 
securities exchange, any security not so registered, any security-based 
swap, or any security-based swap agreement with respect to such 
security, for the purpose of inducing the purchase or sale of such 
security, such security-based swap, or such security-based swap 
agreement any statement which was at the time and in the light of the 
circumstances under which it was made, false or misleading with respect 
to any material fact, and which that person knew or had reasonable 
ground to believe was so false or misleading.


    ``(5) For a consideration, received directly or indirectly from a 
broker, dealer, security-based swap dealer, major security-based swap 
participant, or other person selling or offering for sale or purchasing 
or offering to purchase the security, a security-based swap, or 
security-based swap agreement with respect to such security, to induce 
the purchase of any security registered on a national securities 
exchange, any security not so registered, any security-based swap, or 
any security-based swap agreement with respect to such security by the 
circulation or dissemination of information to the effect that the price 
of any such security will or is likely to rise or fall because of the 
market operations of any 1 or more persons conducted for the purpose of 
raising or depressing the price of such security.''; and
                    (B) in subsection (i), by striking ``(as defined in 
                section 206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)'';
            (3) in section 10 (15 U.S.C. 78j)--
                    (A) in subsection (b), by striking ``(as defined in 
                section 206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act),'' each 
                place that term appears; and
                    (B) in the matter following subsection (b), by 
                striking ``(as defined in section 206B of the Gramm-
                Leach-Bliley Act), in each place that such terms 
                appear'';
            (4) in section 15 (15 U.S.C. 78o)--
                    (A) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ``(as 
                defined in section 206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley 
                Act),'';
                    (B) in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection 
                (c)(1), by striking ``(as defined in section 206B of the 
                Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)'' each place that term appears;
                    (C) by redesignating subsection (i), as added by 
                section 303(f) of the Commodity Futures Modernization 
                Act of 2000 (Public Law 106-554; 114 Stat. 2763A-455)), 
                as subsection (j); and
                    (D) in subsection (j), as redesignated by 
                subparagraph (C), by striking ``(as defined in section 
                206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)'';
            (5) in section 16 (15 U.S.C. 78p)--
                    (A) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ``(as 
                defined in section 206(b) of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
                (15 U.S.C. 78c note))'';
                    (B) in subsection (a)(3)(B), by inserting ``or 
                security-based swaps'' after ``security-based swap 
                agreement'';
                    (C) in the first sentence of subsection (b), by 
                striking ``(as defined in section 206B of the Gramm-
                Leach-Bliley Act)'';
                    (D) in the third sentence of subsection (b), by 
                striking ``(as defined in section 206B of the Gramm-
                Leach Bliley Act)'' and inserting ``or a security-based 
                swap''; and
                    (E) in subsection (g), by striking ``(as defined in 
                section 206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)'';
            (6) in section 20 (15 U.S.C. 78t),
                    (A) in subsection (d), by striking ``(as defined in 
                section 206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)''; and
                    (B) in subsection (f), by striking ``(as defined in 
                section 206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)''; and
            (7) in section 21A (15 U.S.C. 78u-1)--
                    (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ``(as defined 
                in section 206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)''; and


                    (B) in subsection (g), by striking ``(as defined in 
                section 206B of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act)''.
