
    (a) Clearing for Security-based Swaps.--The Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 3B 
(as added by section 717 of this Act):
``SEC. 3C. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 78c-3.&gt;&gt;  CLEARING FOR SECURITY-BASED 
                      SWAPS.

    ``(a) In General.--
            ``(1) Standard for clearing.--It shall be unlawful for any 
        person to engage in a security-based swap unless that person 
        submits such security-based swap for clearing to a clearing 
        agency that is registered under this Act or a clearing agency 
        that is exempt from registration under this Act if the security-
        based swap is required to be cleared.
            ``(2) Open access.--The rules of a clearing agency described 
        in paragraph (1) shall--
                    ``(A) prescribe that all security-based swaps 
                submitted to the clearing agency with the same terms and 
                conditions are economically equivalent within the 
                clearing agency and may be offset with each other within 
                the clearing agency; and
                    ``(B) provide for non-discriminatory clearing of a 
                security-based swap executed bilaterally or on or 
                through the rules of an unaffiliated national securities 
                exchange or security-based swap execution facility.

    ``(b) Commission Review.--
            ``(1) Commission-initiated review.--
                    ``(A) The Commission on an ongoing basis shall 
                review each security-based swap, or any group, category, 
                type, or class of security-based swaps to make a 
                determination that such security-based swap, or group, 
                category, type, or class of security-based swaps should 
                be required to be cleared.
                    ``(B) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Public comment.&gt;&gt;  The Commission 
                shall provide at least a 30-day public comment period 
                regarding any determination under subparagraph (A).
            ``(2) Swap submissions.--
                    ``(A) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Notice.&gt;&gt;  A clearing agency shall 
                submit to the Commission each security-based swap, or 
                any group, category, type, or class of security-based 
                swaps that it plans to accept for clearing and provide 
                notice to its members (in a manner to be determined by 
                the Commission) of such submission.
                    ``(B) Any security-based swap or group, category, 
                type, or class of security-based swaps listed for 
                clearing by a clearing agency as of the date of 
                enactment of this subsection shall be considered 
                submitted to the Commission.
                    ``(C) The Commission shall--
                          ``(i) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Public information.&gt;&gt;  make 
                      available to the public any submission received 
                      under subparagraphs (A) and (B);
                          ``(ii) review each submission made under 
                      subparagraphs (A) and (B), and determine whether 
                      the security-based swap, or group, category, type, 
                      or class of security-based swaps, described in the 
                      submission is required to be cleared; and
                          ``(iii) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Public comment.&gt;&gt;  provide at 
                      least a 30-day public comment period regarding its 
                      determination whether the


                      clearing requirement under subsection (a)(1) shall 
                      apply to the submission.
            ``(3) Deadline.--The Commission shall make its determination 
        under paragraph (2)(C) not later than 90 days after receiving a 
        submission made under paragraphs (2)(A) and (2)(B), unless the 
        submitting clearing agency agrees to an extension for the time 
        limitation established under this paragraph.
            ``(4) Determination.--
                    ``(A) In reviewing a submission made under paragraph 
                (2), the Commission shall review whether the submission 
                is consistent with section 17A.
                    ``(B) In reviewing a security-based swap, group of 
                security-based swaps or class of security-based swaps 
                pursuant to paragraph (1) or a submission made under 
                paragraph (2), the Commission shall take into account 
                the following factors:
                          ``(i) The existence of significant outstanding 
                      notional exposures, trading liquidity and adequate 
                      pricing data.
                          ``(ii) The availability of rule framework, 
                      capacity, operational expertise and resources, and 
                      credit support infrastructure to clear the 
                      contract on terms that are consistent with the 
                      material terms and trading conventions on which 
                      the contract is then traded.
                          ``(iii) The effect on the mitigation of 
                      systemic risk, taking into account the size of the 
                      market for such contract and the resources of the 
                      clearing agency available to clear the contract.
                          ``(iv) The effect on competition, including 
                      appropriate fees and charges applied to clearing.
                          ``(v) The existence of reasonable legal 
                      certainty in the event of the insolvency of the 
                      relevant clearing agency or 1 or more of its 
                      clearing members with regard to the treatment of 
                      customer and security-based swap counterparty 
                      positions, funds, and property.
                    ``(C) In making a determination under subsection 
                (b)(1) or paragraph (2)(C) that the clearing requirement 
                shall apply, the Commission may require such terms and 
                conditions to the requirement as the Commission 
                determines to be appropriate.
            ``(5) Rules.--Not &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline.&gt;&gt;  later than 1 year 
        after the date of the enactment of this section, the Commission 
        shall adopt rules for a clearing agency's submission for review, 
        pursuant to this subsection, of a security-based swap, or a 
        group, category, type, or class of security-based swaps, that it 
        seeks to accept for clearing. Nothing in this paragraph limits 
        the Commission from making a determination under paragraph 
        (2)(C) for security-based swaps described in paragraph (2)(B).

    ``(c) Stay of Clearing Requirement.--
            ``(1) In general.--After making a determination pursuant to 
        subsection (b)(2), the Commission, on application of a 
        counterparty to a security-based swap or on its own initiative, 
        may stay the clearing requirement of subsection (a)(1) until the 
        Commission completes a review of the terms of the security-based 
        swap (or the group, category, type, or class of security-based 
        swaps) and the clearing arrangement.


            ``(2) Deadline.--The Commission shall complete a review 
        undertaken pursuant to paragraph (1) not later than 90 days 
        after issuance of the stay, unless the clearing agency that 
        clears the security-based swap, or group, category, type, or 
        class of security-based swaps, agrees to an extension of the 
        time limitation established under this paragraph.
            ``(3) Determination.--Upon completion of the review 
        undertaken pursuant to paragraph (1), the Commission may--
                    ``(A) determine, unconditionally or subject to such 
                terms and conditions as the Commission determines to be 
                appropriate, that the security-based swap, or group, 
                category, type, or class of security-based swaps, must 
                be cleared pursuant to this subsection if it finds that 
                such clearing is consistent with subsection (b)(4); or
                    ``(B) determine that the clearing requirement of 
                subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to the security-based 
                swap, or group, category, type, or class of security-
                based swaps.
            ``(4) Rules.--Not &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline.&gt;&gt;  later than 1 year 
        after the date of the enactment of this section, the Commission 
        shall adopt rules for reviewing, pursuant to this subsection, a 
        clearing agency's clearing of a security-based swap, or a group, 
        category, type, or class of security-based swaps, that it has 
        accepted for clearing.

    ``(d) Prevention of Evasion.--
            ``(1) In general.--The &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  Commission 
        shall prescribe rules under this section (and issue 
        interpretations of rules prescribed under this section), as 
        determined by the Commission to be necessary to prevent evasions 
        of the mandatory clearing requirements under this Act.
            ``(2) Duty of commission to investigate and take certain 
        actions.--To the extent the Commission finds that a particular 
        security-based swap or any group, category, type, or class of 
        security-based swaps that would otherwise be subject to 
        mandatory clearing but no clearing agency has listed the 
        security-based swap or the group, category, type, or class of 
        security-based swaps for clearing, the Commission shall--
                    ``(A) investigate the relevant facts and 
                circumstances;
                    ``(B) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadline. Reports.&gt;&gt;  within 30 days 
                issue a public report containing the results of the 
                investigation; and
                    ``(C) take such actions as the Commission determines 
                to be necessary and in the public interest, which may 
                include requiring the retaining of adequate margin or 
                capital by parties to the security-based swap or the 
                group, category, type, or class of security-based swaps.
            ``(3) Effect on authority.--Nothing in this subsection--
                    ``(A) authorizes the Commission to adopt rules 
                requiring a clearing agency to list for clearing a 
                security-based swap or any group, category, type, or 
                class of security-based swaps if the clearing of the 
                security-based swap or the group, category, type, or 
                class of security-based swaps would threaten the 
                financial integrity of the clearing agency; and
                    ``(B) affects the authority of the Commission to 
                enforce the open access provisions of subsection (a)(2) 
                with respect to a security-based swap or the group, 
                category, type, or class of security-based swaps that is 
                listed for clearing by a clearing agency.


    ``(e) Reporting &lt;&lt;NOTE: Deadlines.&gt;&gt;  Transition Rules.--Rules 
adopted by the Commission under this section shall provide for the 
reporting of data, as follows:
            ``(1) Security-based swaps entered into before the date of 
        the enactment of this section shall be reported to a registered 
        security-based swap data repository or the Commission no later 
        than 180 days after the effective date of this section.
            ``(2) Security-based swaps entered into on or after such 
        date of enactment shall be reported to a registered security-
        based swap data repository or the Commission no later than the 
        later of--
                    ``(A) 90 days after such effective date; or
                    ``(B) such other time after entering into the 
                security-based swap as the Commission may prescribe by 
                rule or regulation.

    ``(f) Clearing Transition Rules.--
            ``(1) Security-based swaps entered into before the date of 
        the enactment of this section are exempt from the clearing 
        requirements of this subsection if reported pursuant to 
        subsection (e)(1).
            ``(2) Security-based swaps entered into before application 
        of the clearing requirement pursuant to this section are exempt 
        from the clearing requirements of this section if reported 
        pursuant to subsection (e)(2).

    ``(g) Exceptions.--
            ``(1) In general.--The requirements of subsection (a)(1) 
        shall not apply to a security-based swap if 1 of the 
        counterparties to the security-based swap--
                    ``(A) is not a financial entity;
                    ``(B) is using security-based swaps to hedge or 
                mitigate commercial risk; and
                    ``(C) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Notification.&gt;&gt;  notifies the 
                Commission, in a manner set forth by the Commission, how 
                it generally meets its financial obligations associated 
                with entering into non-cleared security-based swaps.
            ``(2) Option to clear.--The application of the clearing 
        exception in paragraph (1) is solely at the discretion of the 
        counterparty to the security-based swap that meets the 
        conditions of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1).
            ``(3) Financial entity definition.--
                    ``(A) In general.--For the purposes of this 
                subsection, the term `financial entity' means--
                          ``(i) a swap dealer;
                          ``(ii) a security-based swap dealer;
                          ``(iii) a major swap participant;
                          ``(iv) a major security-based swap 
                      participant;
                          ``(v) a commodity pool as defined in section 
                      1a(10) of the Commodity Exchange Act;
                          ``(vi) a private fund as defined in section 
                      202(a) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 
                      U.S.C. 80-b-2(a));
                          ``(vii) an employee benefit plan as defined in 
                      paragraphs (3) and (32) of section 3 of the 
                      Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
                      (29 U.S.C. 1002);
                          ``(viii) a person predominantly engaged in 
                      activities that are in the business of banking or 
                      financial in


                      nature, as defined in section 4(k) of the Bank 
                      Holding Company Act of 1956.
                    ``(B) Exclusion.--The Commission shall consider 
                whether to exempt small banks, savings associations, 
                farm credit system institutions, and credit unions, 
                including--
                          ``(i) depository institutions with total 
                      assets of $10,000,000,000 or less;
                          ``(ii) farm credit system institutions with 
                      total assets of $10,000,000,000 or less; or
                          ``(iii) credit unions with total assets of 
                      $10,000,000,000 or less.
            ``(4) Treatment of affiliates.--
                    ``(A) In general.--An affiliate of a person that 
                qualifies for an exception under this subsection 
                (including affiliate entities predominantly engaged in 
                providing financing for the purchase of the merchandise 
                or manufactured goods of the person) may qualify for the 
                exception only if the affiliate, acting on behalf of the 
                person and as an agent, uses the security-based swap to 
                hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the person or 
                other affiliate of the person that is not a financial 
                entity.
                    ``(B) Prohibition relating to certain affiliates.--
                The exception in subparagraph (A) shall not apply if the 
                affiliate is--
                          ``(i) a swap dealer;
                          ``(ii) a security-based swap dealer;
                          ``(iii) a major swap participant;
                          ``(iv) a major security-based swap 
                      participant;
                          ``(v) an issuer that would be an investment 
                      company, as defined in section 3 of the Investment 
                      Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-3), but for 
                      paragraph (1) or (7) of subsection (c) of that Act 
                      (15 U.S.C. 80a-3(c));
                          ``(vi) a commodity pool; or
                          ``(vii) a bank holding company with over 
                      $50,000,000,000 in consolidated assets.
                    ``(C) Transition rule for affiliates.--An affiliate, 
                subsidiary, or a wholly owned entity of a person that 
                qualifies for an exception under subparagraph (A) and is 
                predominantly engaged in providing financing for the 
                purchase or lease of merchandise or manufactured goods 
                of the person shall be exempt from the margin 
                requirement described in section 15F(e) and the clearing 
                requirement described in subsection (a) with regard to 
                security-based swaps entered into to mitigate the risk 
                of the financing activities for not less than a 2-year 
                period beginning on the date of enactment of this 
                subparagraph.
            ``(5) Election of counterparty.--
                    ``(A) Security-based swaps required to be cleared.--
                With respect to any security-based swap that is subject 
                to the mandatory clearing requirement under subsection 
                (a) and entered into by a security-based swap dealer or 
                a major security-based swap participant with a 
                counterparty that is not a swap dealer, major swap 
                participant, security-based swap dealer, or major 
                security-based swap participant, the counterparty shall 
                have the


                sole right to select the clearing agency at which the 
                security-based swap will be cleared.
                    ``(B) Security-based swaps not required to be 
                cleared.--With respect to any security-based swap that 
                is not subject to the mandatory clearing requirement 
                under subsection (a) and entered into by a security-
                based swap dealer or a major security-based swap 
                participant with a counterparty that is not a swap 
                dealer, major swap participant, security-based swap 
                dealer, or major security-based swap participant, the 
                counterparty--
                          ``(i) may elect to require clearing of the 
                      security-based swap; and
                          ``(ii) shall have the sole right to select the 
                      clearing agency at which the security-based swap 
                      will be cleared.
            ``(6) Abuse of exception.--The Commission may prescribe such 
        rules or issue interpretations of the rules as the Commission 
        determines to be necessary to prevent abuse of the exceptions 
        described in this subsection. The Commission may also request 
        information from those persons claiming the clearing exception 
        as necessary to prevent abuse of the exceptions described in 
        this subsection.

    ``(h) Trade Execution.--
            ``(1) In general.--With respect to transactions involving 
        security-based swaps subject to the clearing requirement of 
        subsection (a)(1), counterparties shall--
                    ``(A) execute the transaction on an exchange; or
                    ``(B) execute the transaction on a security-based 
                swap execution facility registered under section 3D or a 
                security-based swap execution facility that is exempt 
                from registration under section 3D(e).
            ``(2) Exception.--The requirements of subparagraphs (A) and 
        (B) of paragraph (1) shall not apply if no exchange or security-
        based swap execution facility makes the security-based swap 
        available to trade or for security-based swap transactions 
        subject to the clearing exception under subsection (g).

    ``(i) Board Approval.--Exemptions from the requirements of this 
section to clear a security-based swap or execute a security-based swap 
through a national securities exchange or security-based swap execution 
facility shall be available to a counterparty that is an issuer of 
securities that are registered under section 12 or that is required to 
file reports pursuant to section 15(d), only if an appropriate committee 
of the issuer's board or governing body has reviewed and approved the 
issuer's decision to enter into security-based swaps that are subject to 
such exemptions.
    ``(j) Designation of Chief Compliance Officer.--
            ``(1) In general.--Each registered clearing agency shall 
        designate an individual to serve as a chief compliance officer.
            ``(2) Duties.--The chief compliance officer shall--
                    ``(A) report directly to the board or to the senior 
                officer of the clearing agency;
                    ``(B) in consultation with its board, a body 
                performing a function similar thereto, or the senior 
                officer of the registered clearing agency, resolve any 
                conflicts of interest that may arise;


                    ``(C) be responsible for administering each policy 
                and procedure that is required to be established 
                pursuant to this section;
                    ``(D) ensure compliance with this title (including 
                regulations issued under this title) relating to 
                agreements, contracts, or transactions, including each 
                rule prescribed by the Commission under this section;
                    ``(E) establish procedures for the remediation of 
                noncompliance issues identified by the compliance 
                officer through any--
                          ``(i) compliance office review;
                          ``(ii) look-back;
                          ``(iii) internal or external audit finding;
                          ``(iv) self-reported error; or
                          ``(v) validated complaint; and
                    ``(F) establish and follow appropriate procedures 
                for the handling, management response, remediation, 
                retesting, and closing of noncompliance issues.
            ``(3) Annual reports.--
                    ``(A) In general.--In accordance with rules 
                prescribed by the Commission, the chief compliance 
                officer shall annually prepare and sign a report that 
                contains a description of--
                          ``(i) the compliance of the registered 
                      clearing agency or security-based swap execution 
                      facility of the compliance officer with respect to 
                      this title (including regulations under this 
                      title); and
                          ``(ii) each policy and procedure of the 
                      registered clearing agency of the compliance 
                      officer (including the code of ethics and conflict 
                      of interest policies of the registered clearing 
                      agency).
                    ``(B) Requirements.--A compliance report under 
                subparagraph (A) shall--
                          ``(i) accompany each appropriate financial 
                      report of the registered clearing agency that is 
                      required to be furnished to the Commission 
                      pursuant to this section; and
                          ``(ii) include a certification that, under 
                      penalty of law, the compliance report is accurate 
                      and complete.''.

    (b) Clearing Agency Requirements.--Section 17A of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78q-1) is amended by adding at the end 
the following:
    ``(g) Registration Requirement.--It shall be unlawful for a clearing 
agency, unless registered with the Commission, directly or indirectly to 
make use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate 
commerce to perform the functions of a clearing agency with respect to a 
security-based swap.
    ``(h) Voluntary Registration.--A person that clears agreements, 
contracts, or transactions that are not required to be cleared under 
this title may register with the Commission as a clearing agency.
    ``(i) Standards for Clearing Agencies Clearing Security-based Swap 
Transactions.--To be registered and to maintain registration as a 
clearing agency that clears security-based swap transactions, a clearing 
agency shall comply with such standards as the Commission may establish 
by rule. In establishing any such standards, and in the exercise of its 
oversight of such a


clearing agency pursuant to this title, the Commission may conform such 
standards or oversight to reflect evolving United States and 
international standards. Except where the Commission determines 
otherwise by rule or regulation, a clearing agency shall have reasonable 
discretion in establishing the manner in which it complies with any such 
standards.
    ``(j) Rules.--The Commission shall adopt rules governing persons 
that are registered as clearing agencies for security-based swaps under 
this title.
    ``(k) Exemptions.--The Commission may exempt, conditionally or 
unconditionally, a clearing agency from registration under this section 
for the clearing of security-based swaps if the Commission determines 
that the clearing agency is subject to comparable, comprehensive 
supervision and regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
or the appropriate government authorities in the home country of the 
agency. Such conditions may include, but are not limited to, requiring 
that the clearing agency be available for inspection by the Commission 
and make available all information requested by the Commission.
    ``(l) Existing Depository Institutions and Derivative Clearing 
Organizations.--
            ``(1) In general.--A depository institution or derivative 
        clearing organization registered with the Commodity Futures 
        Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act that is 
        required to be registered as a clearing agency under this 
        section is deemed to be registered under this section solely for 
        the purpose of clearing security-based swaps to the extent that, 
        before the date of enactment of this subsection--
                    ``(A) the depository institution cleared swaps as a 
                multilateral clearing organization; or
                    ``(B) the derivative clearing organization cleared 
                swaps pursuant to an exemption from registration as a 
                clearing agency.
            ``(2) Conversion of depository institutions.--A depository 
        institution to which this subsection applies may, by the vote of 
        the shareholders owning not less than 51 percent of the voting 
        interests of the depository institution, be converted into a 
        State corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or 
        similar legal form pursuant to a plan of conversion, if the 
        conversion is not in contravention of applicable State law.
            ``(3) Sharing of information.--The Commodity Futures Trading 
        Commission shall make available to the Commission, upon request, 
        all information determined to be relevant by the Commodity 
        Futures Trading Commission regarding a derivatives clearing 
        organization deemed to be registered with the Commission under 
        paragraph (1).

    ``(m) Modification of Core Principles.--The Commission may conform 
the core principles established in this section to reflect evolving 
United States and international standards.''.
    (c) Security-based Swap Execution Facilities.--The Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by inserting 
after section 3C (as added by subsection (a) of this section) the 
following:
``SEC. 3D. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 78c-4.&gt;&gt;  SECURITY-BASED SWAP EXECUTION 
                      FACILITIES.

    ``(a) Registration.--


            ``(1) In general.--No person may operate a facility for the 
        trading or processing of security-based swaps, unless the 
        facility is registered as a security-based swap execution 
        facility or as a national securities exchange under this 
        section.
            ``(2) Dual registration.--Any person that is registered as a 
        security-based swap execution facility under this section shall 
        register with the Commission regardless of whether the person 
        also is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
        as a swap execution facility.

    ``(b) Trading and Trade Processing.--A security-based swap execution 
facility that is registered under subsection (a) may--
            ``(1) make available for trading any security-based swap; 
        and
            ``(2) facilitate trade processing of any security-based 
        swap.

    ``(c) Identification of Facility Used To Trade Security-based Swaps 
by National Securities Exchanges.--A national securities exchange shall, 
to the extent that the exchange also operates a security-based swap 
execution facility and uses the same electronic trade execution system 
for listing and executing trades of security-based swaps on or through 
the exchange and the facility, identify whether electronic trading of 
such security-based swaps is taking place on or through the national 
securities exchange or the security-based swap execution facility.
    ``(d) Core Principles for Security-based Swap Execution 
Facilities.--
            ``(1) Compliance with core principles.--
                    ``(A) In general.--To be registered, and maintain 
                registration, as a security-based swap execution 
                facility, the security-based swap execution facility 
                shall comply with--
                          ``(i) the core principles described in this 
                      subsection; and
                          ``(ii) any requirement that the Commission may 
                      impose by rule or regulation.
                    ``(B) Reasonable discretion of security-based swap 
                execution facility.--Unless otherwise determined by the 
                Commission, by rule or regulation, a security-based swap 
                execution facility described in subparagraph (A) shall 
                have reasonable discretion in establishing the manner in 
                which it complies with the core principles described in 
                this subsection.
            ``(2) Compliance with rules.--A security-based swap 
        execution facility shall--
                    ``(A) establish and enforce compliance with any rule 
                established by such security-based swap execution 
                facility, including--
                          ``(i) the terms and conditions of the 
                      security-based swaps traded or processed on or 
                      through the facility; and
                          ``(ii) any limitation on access to the 
                      facility;
                    ``(B) establish and enforce trading, trade 
                processing, and participation rules that will deter 
                abuses and have the capacity to detect, investigate, and 
                enforce those rules, including means--
                          ``(i) to provide market participants with 
                      impartial access to the market; and
                          ``(ii) to capture information that may be used 
                      in establishing whether rule violations have 
                      occurred; and


                    ``(C) establish rules governing the operation of the 
                facility, including rules specifying trading procedures 
                to be used in entering and executing orders traded or 
                posted on the facility, including block trades.
            ``(3) Security-based swaps not readily susceptible to 
        manipulation.--The security-based swap execution facility shall 
        permit trading only in security-based swaps that are not readily 
        susceptible to manipulation.
            ``(4) Monitoring of trading and trade processing.--The 
        security-based swap execution facility shall--
                    ``(A) establish and enforce rules or terms and 
                conditions defining, or specifications detailing--
                          ``(i) trading procedures to be used in 
                      entering and executing orders traded on or through 
                      the facilities of the security-based swap 
                      execution facility; and
                          ``(ii) procedures for trade processing of 
                      security-based swaps on or through the facilities 
                      of the security-based swap execution facility; and
                    ``(B) monitor trading in security-based swaps to 
                prevent manipulation, price distortion, and disruptions 
                of the delivery or cash settlement process through 
                surveillance, compliance, and disciplinary practices and 
                procedures, including methods for conducting real-time 
                monitoring of trading and comprehensive and accurate 
                trade reconstructions.
            ``(5) Ability to obtain information.--The security-based 
        swap execution facility shall--
                    ``(A) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  establish and enforce 
                rules that will allow the facility to obtain any 
                necessary information to perform any of the functions 
                described in this subsection;
                    ``(B) provide the information to the Commission on 
                request; and
                    ``(C) have the capacity to carry out such 
                international information-sharing agreements as the 
                Commission may require.
            ``(6) Financial integrity of transactions.--
        The &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations. Procedures.&gt;&gt;  security-based swap 
        execution facility shall establish and enforce rules and 
        procedures for ensuring the financial integrity of security-
        based swaps entered on or through the facilities of the 
        security-based swap execution facility, including the clearance 
        and settlement of security-based swaps pursuant to section 
        3C(a)(1).
            ``(7) Emergency authority.--The &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  
        security-based swap execution facility shall adopt rules to 
        provide for the exercise of emergency authority, in consultation 
        or cooperation with the Commission, as is necessary and 
        appropriate, including the authority to liquidate or transfer 
        open positions in any security-based swap or to suspend or 
        curtail trading in a security-based swap.
            ``(8) Timely publication of trading information.--
                    ``(A) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Public information.&gt;&gt;  In general.--
                The security-based swap execution facility shall make 
                public timely information on price, trading volume, and 
                other trading data on security-based swaps to the extent 
                prescribed by the Commission.
                    ``(B) Capacity of security-based swap execution 
                facility.--The security-based swap execution facility 
                shall be required to have the capacity to electronically 
                capture


                and transmit and disseminate trade information with 
                respect to transactions executed on or through the 
                facility.
            ``(9) Recordkeeping and reporting.--
                    ``(A) In general.--A security-based swap execution 
                facility shall--
                          ``(i) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Time period.&gt;&gt;  maintain records 
                      of all activities relating to the business of the 
                      facility, including a complete audit trail, in a 
                      form and manner acceptable to the Commission for a 
                      period of 5 years; and
                          ``(ii) report to the Commission, in a form and 
                      manner acceptable to the Commission, such 
                      information as the Commission determines to be 
                      necessary or appropriate for the Commission to 
                      perform the duties of the Commission under this 
                      title.
                    ``(B) Requirements.--The Commission shall adopt data 
                collection and reporting requirements for security-based 
                swap execution facilities that are comparable to 
                corresponding requirements for clearing agencies and 
                security-based swap data repositories.
            ``(10) Antitrust considerations.--Unless necessary or 
        appropriate to achieve the purposes of this title, the security-
        based swap execution facility shall not--
                    ``(A) adopt any rules or taking any actions that 
                result in any unreasonable restraint of trade; or
                    ``(B) impose any material anticompetitive burden on 
                trading or clearing.
            ``(11) Conflicts of interest.--The security-based swap 
        execution facility shall--
                    ``(A) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  establish and enforce 
                rules to minimize conflicts of interest in its decision-
                making process; and
                    ``(B) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Process.&gt;&gt;  establish a process for 
                resolving the conflicts of interest.
            ``(12) Financial resources.--
                    ``(A) In general.--The security-based swap execution 
                facility shall have adequate financial, operational, and 
                managerial resources to discharge each responsibility of 
                the security-based swap execution facility, as 
                determined by the Commission.
                    ``(B) Determination of resource adequacy.--The 
                financial resources of a security-based swap execution 
                facility shall be considered to be adequate if the value 
                of the financial resources--
                          ``(i) enables the organization to meet its 
                      financial obligations to its members and 
                      participants notwithstanding a default by the 
                      member or participant creating the largest 
                      financial exposure for that organization in 
                      extreme but plausible market conditions; and
                          ``(ii) exceeds the total amount that would 
                      enable the security-based swap execution facility 
                      to cover the operating costs of the security-based 
                      swap execution facility for a 1-year period, as 
                      calculated on a rolling basis.
            ``(13) System safeguards.--The security-based swap execution 
        facility shall--


                    ``(A) establish and maintain a program of risk 
                analysis and oversight to identify and minimize sources 
                of operational risk, through the development of 
                appropriate controls and procedures, and automated 
                systems, that--
                          ``(i) are reliable and secure; and
                          ``(ii) have adequate scalable capacity;
                    ``(B) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Procedures.&gt;&gt;  establish and maintain 
                emergency procedures, backup facilities, and a plan for 
                disaster recovery that allow for--
                          ``(i) the timely recovery and resumption of 
                      operations; and
                          ``(ii) the fulfillment of the responsibilities 
                      and obligations of the security-based swap 
                      execution facility; and
                    ``(C) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Tests.&gt;&gt;  periodically conduct tests 
                to verify that the backup resources of the security-
                based swap execution facility are sufficient to ensure 
                continued--
                          ``(i) order processing and trade matching;
                          ``(ii) price reporting;
                          ``(iii) market surveillance; and
                          ``(iv) maintenance of a comprehensive and 
                      accurate audit trail.
            ``(14) Designation of chief compliance officer.--
                    ``(A) In general.--Each security-based swap 
                execution facility shall designate an individual to 
                serve as a chief compliance officer.
                    ``(B) Duties.--The chief compliance officer shall--
                          ``(i) report directly to the board or to the 
                      senior officer of the facility;
                          ``(ii) review compliance with the core 
                      principles in this subsection;
                          ``(iii) in consultation with the board of the 
                      facility, a body performing a function similar to 
                      that of a board, or the senior officer of the 
                      facility, resolve any conflicts of interest that 
                      may arise;
                          ``(iv) be responsible for establishing and 
                      administering the policies and procedures required 
                      to be established pursuant to this section;
                          ``(v) ensure compliance with this title and 
                      the rules and regulations issued under this title, 
                      including rules prescribed by the Commission 
                      pursuant to this section;
                          ``(vi) establish procedures for the 
                      remediation of noncompliance issues found during--
                                    ``(I) compliance office reviews;
                                    ``(II) look backs;
                                    ``(III) internal or external audit 
                                findings;
                                    ``(IV) self-reported errors; or
                                    ``(V) through validated complaints; 
                                and
                          ``(vii) establish and follow appropriate 
                      procedures for the handling, management response, 
                      remediation, retesting, and closing of 
                      noncompliance issues.
                    ``(C) Annual reports.--
                          ``(i) In general.--In accordance with rules 
                      prescribed by the Commission, the chief compliance 
                      officer shall annually prepare and sign a report 
                      that contains a description of--


                                    ``(I) the compliance of the 
                                security-based swap execution facility 
                                with this title; and
                                    ``(II) the policies and procedures, 
                                including the code of ethics and 
                                conflict of interest policies, of the 
                                security-based security-based swap 
                                execution facility.
                          ``(ii) Requirements.--The chief compliance 
                      officer shall--
                                    ``(I) submit each report described 
                                in clause (i) with the appropriate 
                                financial report of the security-based 
                                swap execution facility that is required 
                                to be submitted to the Commission 
                                pursuant to this section; and
                                    ``(II) include in the report a 
                                certification that, under penalty of 
                                law, the report is accurate and 
                                complete.

    ``(e) Exemptions.--The Commission may exempt, conditionally or 
unconditionally, a security-based swap execution facility from 
registration under this section if the Commission finds that the 
facility is subject to comparable, comprehensive supervision and 
regulation on a consolidated basis by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission.
    ``(f) Rules.--The Commission shall prescribe rules governing the 
regulation of security-based swap execution facilities under this 
section.''.
    (d) Segregation of Assets Held as Collateral in Security-based Swap 
Transactions.--The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et 
seq.) is amended by inserting after section 3D (as added by subsection 
(b)) the following:
``SEC. 3E. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 78c-5.&gt;&gt;  SEGREGATION OF ASSETS HELD AS 
                      COLLATERAL IN SECURITY-BASED SWAP 
                      TRANSACTIONS.

    ``(a) Registration Requirement.--It shall be unlawful for any person 
to accept any money, securities, or property (or to extend any credit in 
lieu of money, securities, or property) from, for, or on behalf of a 
security-based swaps customer to margin, guarantee, or secure a 
security-based swap cleared by or through a clearing agency (including 
money, securities, or property accruing to the customer as the result of 
such a security-based swap), unless the person shall have registered 
under this title with the Commission as a broker, dealer, or security-
based swap dealer, and the registration shall not have expired nor been 
suspended nor revoked.
    ``(b) Cleared Security-based Swaps.--
            ``(1) Segregation required.--A broker, dealer, or security-
        based swap dealer shall treat and deal with all money, 
        securities, and property of any security-based swaps customer 
        received to margin, guarantee, or secure a security-based swap 
        cleared by or though a clearing agency (including money, 
        securities, or property accruing to the security-based swaps 
        customer as the result of such a security-based swap) as 
        belonging to the security-based swaps customer.
            ``(2) Commingling prohibited.--Money, securities, and 
        property of a security-based swaps customer described in 
        paragraph (1) shall be separately accounted for and shall not be 
        commingled with the funds of the broker, dealer, or security-
        based swap dealer or be used to margin, secure, or guarantee


        any trades or contracts of any security-based swaps customer or 
        person other than the person for whom the same are held.

    ``(c) Exceptions.--
            ``(1) Use of funds.--
                    ``(A) In general.--Notwithstanding subsection (b), 
                money, securities, and property of a security-based 
                swaps customer of a broker, dealer, or security-based 
                swap dealer described in subsection (b) may, for 
                convenience, be commingled and deposited in the same 1 
                or more accounts with any bank or trust company or with 
                a clearing agency.
                    ``(B) Withdrawal.--Notwithstanding subsection (b), 
                such share of the money, securities, and property 
                described in subparagraph (A) as in the normal course of 
                business shall be necessary to margin, guarantee, 
                secure, transfer, adjust, or settle a cleared security-
                based swap with a clearing agency, or with any member of 
                the clearing agency, may be withdrawn and applied to 
                such purposes, including the payment of commissions, 
                brokerage, interest, taxes, storage, and other charges, 
                lawfully accruing in connection with the cleared 
                security-based swap.
            ``(2) Commission action.--Notwithstanding subsection (b), in 
        accordance with such terms and conditions as the Commission may 
        prescribe by rule, regulation, or order, any money, securities, 
        or property of the security-based swaps customer of a broker, 
        dealer, or security-based swap dealer described in subsection 
        (b) may be commingled and deposited as provided in this section 
        with any other money, securities, or property received by the 
        broker, dealer, or security-based swap dealer and required by 
        the Commission to be separately accounted for and treated and 
        dealt with as belonging to the security-based swaps customer of 
        the broker, dealer, or security-based swap dealer.

    ``(d) Permitted Investments.--Money described in subsection (b) may 
be invested in obligations of the United States, in general obligations 
of any State or of any political subdivision of a State, and in 
obligations fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United 
States, or in any other investment that the Commission may by rule or 
regulation prescribe, and such investments shall be made in accordance 
with such rules and regulations and subject to such conditions as the 
Commission may prescribe.
    ``(e) Prohibition.--It shall be unlawful for any person, including 
any clearing agency and any depository institution, that has received 
any money, securities, or property for deposit in a separate account or 
accounts as provided in subsection (b) to hold, dispose of, or use any 
such money, securities, or property as belonging to the depositing 
broker, dealer, or security-based swap dealer or any person other than 
the swaps customer of the broker, dealer, or security-based swap dealer.
    ``(f) Segregation Requirements for Uncleared Security-based Swaps.--
            ``(1) Segregation of assets held as collateral in uncleared 
        security-based swap transactions.--
                    ``(A) Notification.--A security-based swap dealer or 
                major security-based swap participant shall be required 
                to notify the counterparty of the security-based swap 
                dealer or major security-based swap participant at the 
                beginning of a security-based swap transaction that the 
                counterparty


                has the right to require segregation of the funds of 
                other property supplied to margin, guarantee, or secure 
                the obligations of the counterparty.
                    ``(B) Segregation and maintenance of funds.--At the 
                request of a counterparty to a security-based swap that 
                provides funds or other property to a security-based 
                swap dealer or major security-based swap participant to 
                margin, guarantee, or secure the obligations of the 
                counterparty, the security-based swap dealer or major 
                security-based swap participant shall--
                          ``(i) segregate the funds or other property 
                      for the benefit of the counterparty; and
                          ``(ii) in accordance with such rules and 
                      regulations as the Commission may promulgate, 
                      maintain the funds or other property in a 
                      segregated account separate from the assets and 
                      other interests of the security-based swap dealer 
                      or major security-based swap participant.
            ``(2) Applicability.--The requirements described in 
        paragraph (1) shall--
                    ``(A) apply only to a security-based swap between a 
                counterparty and a security-based swap dealer or major 
                security-based swap participant that is not submitted 
                for clearing to a clearing agency; and
                    ``(B)(i) not apply to variation margin payments; or
                    ``(ii) not preclude any commercial arrangement 
                regarding--
                          ``(I) the investment of segregated funds or 
                      other property that may only be invested in such 
                      investments as the Commission may permit by rule 
                      or regulation; and
                          ``(II) the related allocation of gains and 
                      losses resulting from any investment of the 
                      segregated funds or other property.
            ``(3) Use of independent third-party custodians.--The 
        segregated account described in paragraph (1) shall be--
                    ``(A) carried by an independent third-party 
                custodian; and
                    ``(B) designated as a segregated account for and on 
                behalf of the counterparty.
            ``(4) Reporting requirement.--If the counterparty does not 
        choose to require segregation of the funds or other property 
        supplied to margin, guarantee, or secure the obligations of the 
        counterparty, the security-based swap dealer or major security-
        based swap participant shall report to the counterparty of the 
        security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap 
        participant on a quarterly basis that the back office procedures 
        of the security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap 
        participant relating to margin and collateral requirements are 
        in compliance with the agreement of the counterparties.

    ``(g) Bankruptcy.--A security-based swap, as defined in section 
3(a)(68) shall be considered to be a security as such term is used in 
section 101(53A)(B) and subchapter III of title 11, United States Code. 
An account that holds a security-based swap, other than a portfolio 
margining account referred to in section 15(c)(3)(C) shall be considered 
to be a securities account, as that term is defined in section 741 of 
title 11, United States Code. &lt;&lt;NOTE: Applicability.&gt;&gt;  The definitions


of the terms `purchase' and `sale' in section 3(a)(13) and (14) shall be 
applied to the terms `purchase' and `sale', as used in section 741 of 
title 11, United States Code. The term `customer', as defined in section 
741 of title 11, United States Code, excludes any person, to the extent 
that such person has a claim based on any open repurchase agreement, 
open reverse repurchase agreement, stock borrowed agreement, non-cleared 
option, or non-cleared security-based swap except to the extent of any 
margin delivered to or by the customer with respect to which there is a 
customer protection requirement under section 15(c)(3) or a segregation 
requirement.''.

    (e) Trading in Security-based Swaps.--Section 6 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f) is amended by adding at the end the 
following:
    ``(l) Security-based Swaps.--It shall be unlawful for any person to 
effect a transaction in a security-based swap with or for a person that 
is not an eligible contract participant, unless such transaction is 
effected on a national securities exchange registered pursuant to 
subsection (b).''.
    (f) Additions of Security-based Swaps to Certain Enforcement 
Provisions.--Section 9(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
U.S.C. 78i(b)) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) and 
inserting the following:
            ``(1) any transaction in connection with any security 
        whereby any party to such transaction acquires--
                    ``(A) any put, call, straddle, or other option or 
                privilege of buying the security from or selling the 
                security to another without being bound to do so;
                    ``(B) any security futures product on the security; 
                or
                    ``(C) any security-based swap involving the security 
                or the issuer of the security;
            ``(2) any transaction in connection with any security with 
        relation to which such person has, directly or indirectly, any 
        interest in any--
                    ``(A) such put, call, straddle, option, or 
                privilege;
                    ``(B) such security futures product; or
                    ``(C) such security-based swap; or
            ``(3) any transaction in any security for the account of any 
        person who such person has reason to believe has, and who 
        actually has, directly or indirectly, any interest in any--
                    ``(A) such put, call, straddle, option, or 
                privilege;
                    ``(B) such security futures product with relation to 
                such security; or
                    ``(C) any security-based swap involving such 
                security or the issuer of such security.''.

    (g) Rulemaking Authority To Prevent Fraud, Manipulation and 
Deceptive Conduct in Security-based Swaps.--Section 9 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78i) is amended by adding at the end the 
following:
    ``(j) It shall be unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly, 
by the use of any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce or of 
the mails, or of any facility of any national securities exchange, to 
effect any transaction in, or to induce or attempt to induce the 
purchase or sale of, any security-based swap, in connection with which 
such person engages in any fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative act or 
practice, makes any fictitious quotation, or engages in any transaction, 
practice, or course of business which operates as a fraud or deceit upon 
any person. &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  The Commission


shall, for the purposes of this subsection, by rules and regulations 
define, and prescribe means reasonably designed to prevent, such 
transactions, acts, practices, and courses of business as are 
fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative, and such quotations as are 
fictitious.''.

    (h) Position Limits and Position Accountability for Security-based 
Swaps.--The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by inserting 
after section 10A (15 U.S.C. 78j-1) the following:
``SEC. 10B. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 78j-2.&gt;&gt;  POSITION LIMITS AND POSITION 
                        ACCOUNTABILITY FOR SECURITY-BASED SWAPS 
                        AND LARGE TRADER REPORTING.

    ``(a) Position Limits.-- &lt;&lt;NOTE: Fraud. Regulations.&gt;&gt; As a means 
reasonably designed to prevent fraud and manipulation, the Commission 
shall, by rule or regulation, as necessary or appropriate in the public 
interest or for the protection of investors, establish limits (including 
related hedge exemption provisions) on the size of positions in any 
security-based swap that may be held by any person. In establishing such 
limits, the Commission may require any person to aggregate positions 
in--
            ``(1) any security-based swap and any security or loan or 
        group of securities or loans on which such security-based swap 
        is based, which such security-based swap references, or to which 
        such security-based swap is related as described in paragraph 
        (68) of section 3(a), and any other instrument relating to such 
        security or loan or group or index of securities or loans; or
            ``(2) any security-based swap and--
                    ``(A) any security or group or index of securities, 
                the price, yield, value, or volatility of which, or of 
                which any interest therein, is the basis for a material 
                term of such security-based swap as described in 
                paragraph (68) of section 3(a); and
                    ``(B) any other instrument relating to the same 
                security or group or index of securities described under 
                subparagraph (A).

    ``(b) Exemptions.--The Commission, by rule, regulation, or order, 
may conditionally or unconditionally exempt any person or class of 
persons, any security-based swap or class of security-based swaps, or 
any transaction or class of transactions from any requirement the 
Commission may establish under this section with respect to position 
limits.
    ``(c) SRO Rules.--
            ``(1) In general.--As a means reasonably designed to prevent 
        fraud or manipulation, the Commission, by rule, regulation, or 
        order, as necessary or appropriate in the public interest, for 
        the protection of investors, or otherwise in furtherance of the 
        purposes of this title, may direct a self-regulatory 
        organization--
                    ``(A) to adopt rules regarding the size of positions 
                in any security-based swap that may be held by--
                          ``(i) any member of such self-regulatory 
                      organization; or
                          ``(ii) any person for whom a member of such 
                      self-regulatory organization effects transactions 
                      in such security-based swap; and


                    ``(B) to adopt rules reasonably designed to ensure 
                compliance with requirements prescribed by the 
                Commission under this subsection.
            ``(2) Requirement to aggregate positions.--In establishing 
        the limits under paragraph (1), the self-regulatory organization 
        may require such member or person to aggregate positions in--
                    ``(A) any security-based swap and any security or 
                loan or group or narrow-based security index of 
                securities or loans on which such security-based swap is 
                based, which such security-based swap references, or to 
                which such security-based swap is related as described 
                in section 3(a)(68), and any other instrument relating 
                to such security or loan or group or narrow-based 
                security index of securities or loans; or
                    ``(B)(i) any security-based swap; and
                    ``(ii) any security-based swap and any other 
                instrument relating to the same security or group or 
                narrow-based security index of securities.

    ``(d) Large Trader Reporting.--The Commission, by rule or 
regulation, may require any person that effects transactions for such 
person's own account or the account of others in any securities-based 
swap or uncleared security-based swap and any security or loan or group 
or narrow-based security index of securities or loans as set forth in 
paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) under this section to report 
such information as the Commission may prescribe regarding any position 
or positions in any security-based swap or uncleared security-based swap 
and any security or loan or group or narrow-based security index of 
securities or loans and any other instrument relating to such security 
or loan or group or narrow-based security index of securities or loans 
as set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) under this 
section.''.
    (i) Public Reporting and Repositories for Security-based Swaps.--
Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) is 
amended by adding at the end the following:
    ``(m) Public Availability of Security-based Swap Transaction Data.--
            ``(1) In general.--
                    ``(A) Definition of real-time public reporting.--In 
                this paragraph, the term `real-time public reporting' 
                means to report data relating to a security-based swap 
                transaction, including price and volume, as soon as 
                technologically practicable after the time at which the 
                security-based swap transaction has been executed.
                    ``(B) Purpose.--The purpose of this subsection is to 
                authorize the Commission to make security-based swap 
                transaction and pricing data available to the public in 
                such form and at such times as the Commission determines 
                appropriate to enhance price discovery.
                    ``(C) General rule.--The Commission is authorized to 
                provide by rule for the public availability of security-
                based swap transaction, volume, and pricing data as 
                follows:
                          ``(i) With respect to those security-based 
                      swaps that are subject to the mandatory clearing 
                      requirement described in section 3C(a)(1) 
                      (including those security-based swaps that are 
                      excepted from the requirement


                      pursuant to section 3C(g)), the Commission shall 
                      require real-time public reporting for such 
                      transactions.
                          ``(ii) With respect to those security-based 
                      swaps that are not subject to the mandatory 
                      clearing requirement described in section 
                      3C(a)(1), but are cleared at a registered clearing 
                      agency, the Commission shall require real-time 
                      public reporting for such transactions.
                          ``(iii) With respect to security-based swaps 
                      that are not cleared at a registered clearing 
                      agency and which are reported to a security-based 
                      swap data repository or the Commission under 
                      section 3C(a)(6), the Commission shall require 
                      real-time public reporting for such transactions, 
                      in a manner that does not disclose the business 
                      transactions and market positions of any person.
                          ``(iv) With respect to security-based swaps 
                      that are determined to be required to be cleared 
                      under section 3C(b) but are not cleared, the 
                      Commission shall require real-time public 
                      reporting for such transactions.
                    ``(D) Registered entities and public reporting.--The 
                Commission may require registered entities to publicly 
                disseminate the security-based swap transaction and 
                pricing data required to be reported under this 
                paragraph.
                    ``(E) Rulemaking required.--With respect to the rule 
                providing for the public availability of transaction and 
                pricing data for security-based swaps described in 
                clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (C), the rule 
                promulgated by the Commission shall contain provisions--
                          ``(i) to ensure such information does not 
                      identify the participants;
                          ``(ii) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Criteria.&gt;&gt; to specify the 
                      criteria for determining what constitutes a large 
                      notional security-based swap transaction (block 
                      trade) for particular markets and contracts;
                          ``(iii) to specify the appropriate time delay 
                      for reporting large notional security-based swap 
                      transactions (block trades) to the public; and
                          ``(iv) that take into account whether the 
                      public disclosure will materially reduce market 
                      liquidity.
                    ``(F) Timeliness of reporting.--Parties to a 
                security-based swap (including agents of the parties to 
                a security-based swap) shall be responsible for 
                reporting security-based swap transaction information to 
                the appropriate registered entity in a timely manner as 
                may be prescribed by the Commission.
                    ``(G) Reporting of swaps to registered security-
                based swap data repositories.--Each security-based swap 
                (whether cleared or uncleared) shall be reported to a 
                registered security-based swap data repository.
                    ``(H) Registration of clearing agencies.--A clearing 
                agency may register as a security-based swap data 
                repository.
            ``(2) Semiannual and annual public reporting of aggregate 
        security-based swap data.--


                    ``(A) In general.--In accordance with subparagraph 
                (B), the Commission shall issue a written report on a 
                semiannual and annual basis to make available to the 
                public information relating to--
                          ``(i) the trading and clearing in the major 
                      security-based swap categories; and
                          ``(ii) the market participants and 
                      developments in new products.
                    ``(B) Use; consultation.--In preparing a report 
                under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall--
                          ``(i) use information from security-based swap 
                      data repositories and clearing agencies; and
                          ``(ii) consult with the Office of the 
                      Comptroller of the Currency, the Bank for 
                      International Settlements, and such other 
                      regulatory bodies as may be necessary.
                    ``(C) Authority of commission.--The Commission may, 
                by rule, regulation, or order, delegate the public 
                reporting responsibilities of the Commission under this 
                paragraph in accordance with such terms and conditions 
                as the Commission determines to be appropriate and in 
                the public interest.

    ``(n) Security-based Swap Data Repositories.--
            ``(1) Registration requirement.--It shall be unlawful for 
        any person, unless registered with the Commission, directly or 
        indirectly, to make use of the mails or any means or 
        instrumentality of interstate commerce to perform the functions 
        of a security-based swap data repository.
            ``(2) Inspection and examination.--Each registered security-
        based swap data repository shall be subject to inspection and 
        examination by any representative of the Commission.
            ``(3) Compliance with core principles.--
                    ``(A) In general.--To be registered, and maintain 
                registration, as a security-based swap data repository, 
                the security-based swap data repository shall comply 
                with--
                          ``(i) the requirements and core principles 
                      described in this subsection; and
                          ``(ii) any requirement that the Commission may 
                      impose by rule or regulation.
                    ``(B) Reasonable discretion of security-based swap 
                data repository.--Unless otherwise determined by the 
                Commission, by rule or regulation, a security-based swap 
                data repository described in subparagraph (A) shall have 
                reasonable discretion in establishing the manner in 
                which the security-based swap data repository complies 
                with the core principles described in this subsection.
            ``(4) Standard setting.--
                    ``(A) Data identification.--
                          ``(i) In general.--In accordance with clause 
                      (ii), the Commission shall prescribe standards 
                      that specify the data elements for each security-
                      based swap that shall be collected and maintained 
                      by each registered security-based swap data 
                      repository.
                          ``(ii) Requirement.--In carrying out clause 
                      (i), the Commission shall prescribe consistent 
                      data element standards applicable to registered 
                      entities and reporting counterparties.


                    ``(B) Data collection and maintenance.--The 
                Commission shall prescribe data collection and data 
                maintenance standards for security-based swap data 
                repositories.
                    ``(C) Comparability.--The standards prescribed by 
                the Commission under this subsection shall be comparable 
                to the data standards imposed by the Commission on 
                clearing agencies in connection with their clearing of 
                security-based swaps.
            ``(5) Duties.--A security-based swap data repository shall--
                    ``(A) accept data prescribed by the Commission for 
                each security-based swap under subsection (b);
                    ``(B) confirm with both counterparties to the 
                security-based swap the accuracy of the data that was 
                submitted;
                    ``(C) maintain the data described in subparagraph 
                (A) in such form, in such manner, and for such period as 
                may be required by the Commission;
                    ``(D)(i) provide direct electronic access to the 
                Commission (or any designee of the Commission, including 
                another registered entity); and
                    ``(ii) provide the information described in 
                subparagraph (A) in such form and at such frequency as 
                the Commission may require to comply with the public 
                reporting requirements set forth in subsection (m);
                    ``(E) at the direction of the Commission, establish 
                automated systems for monitoring, screening, and 
                analyzing security-based swap data;
                    ``(F) maintain the privacy of any and all security-
                based swap transaction information that the security-
                based swap data repository receives from a security-
                based swap dealer, counterparty, or any other registered 
                entity; and
                    ``(G) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Confidentiality. Notification.&gt;&gt;  on a 
                confidential basis pursuant to section 24, upon request, 
                and after notifying the Commission of the request, make 
                available all data obtained by the security-based swap 
                data repository, including individual counterparty trade 
                and position data, to--
                          ``(i) each appropriate prudential regulator;
                          ``(ii) the Financial Stability Oversight 
                      Council;
                          ``(iii) the Commodity Futures Trading 
                      Commission;
                          ``(iv) the Department of Justice; and
                          ``(v) any other person that the Commission 
                      determines to be appropriate, including--
                                    ``(I) foreign financial supervisors 
                                (including foreign futures authorities);
                                    ``(II) foreign central banks; and
                                    ``(III) foreign ministries.
                    ``(H) Confidentiality and indemnification 
                agreement.--Before the security-based swap data 
                repository may share information with any entity 
                described in subparagraph (G)--
                          ``(i) the security-based swap data repository 
                      shall receive a written agreement from each entity 
                      stating that the entity shall abide by the 
                      confidentiality requirements described in section 
                      24 relating to the information on security-based 
                      swap transactions that is provided; and


                          ``(ii) each entity shall agree to indemnify 
                      the security-based swap data repository and the 
                      Commission for any expenses arising from 
                      litigation relating to the information provided 
                      under section 24.
            ``(6) Designation of chief compliance officer.--
                    ``(A) In general.--Each security-based swap data 
                repository shall designate an individual to serve as a 
                chief compliance officer.
                    ``(B) Duties.--The chief compliance officer shall--
                          ``(i) report directly to the board or to the 
                      senior officer of the security-based swap data 
                      repository;
                          ``(ii) review the compliance of the security-
                      based swap data repository with respect to the 
                      requirements and core principles described in this 
                      subsection;
                          ``(iii) in consultation with the board of the 
                      security-based swap data repository, a body 
                      performing a function similar to the board of the 
                      security-based swap data repository, or the senior 
                      officer of the security-based swap data 
                      repository, resolve any conflicts of interest that 
                      may arise;
                          ``(iv) be responsible for administering each 
                      policy and procedure that is required to be 
                      established pursuant to this section;
                          ``(v) ensure compliance with this title 
                      (including regulations) relating to agreements, 
                      contracts, or transactions, including each rule 
                      prescribed by the Commission under this section;
                          ``(vi) establish procedures for the 
                      remediation of noncompliance issues identified by 
                      the chief compliance officer through any--
                                    ``(I) compliance office review;
                                    ``(II) look-back;
                                    ``(III) internal or external audit 
                                finding;
                                    ``(IV) self-reported error; or
                                    ``(V) validated complaint; and
                          ``(vii) establish and follow appropriate 
                      procedures for the handling, management response, 
                      remediation, retesting, and closing of 
                      noncompliance issues.
                    ``(C) Annual reports.--
                          ``(i) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  In general.--In 
                      accordance with rules prescribed by the 
                      Commission, the chief compliance officer shall 
                      annually prepare and sign a report that contains a 
                      description of--
                                    ``(I) the compliance of the 
                                security-based swap data repository of 
                                the chief compliance officer with 
                                respect to this title (including 
                                regulations); and
                                    ``(II) each policy and procedure of 
                                the security-based swap data repository 
                                of the chief compliance officer 
                                (including the code of ethics and 
                                conflict of interest policies of the 
                                security-based swap data repository).
                          ``(ii) Requirements.--A compliance report 
                      under clause (i) shall--
                                    ``(I) accompany each appropriate 
                                financial report of the security-based 
                                swap data repository that is required to 
                                be furnished to the Commission pursuant 
                                to this section; and


                                    ``(II) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Certification.&gt;&gt;  
                                include a certification that, under 
                                penalty of law, the compliance report is 
                                accurate and complete.
            ``(7) Core principles applicable to security-based swap data 
        repositories.--
                    ``(A) Antitrust considerations.--Unless necessary or 
                appropriate to achieve the purposes of this title, the 
                swap data repository shall not--
                          ``(i) adopt any rule or take any action that 
                      results in any unreasonable restraint of trade; or
                          ``(ii) impose any material anticompetitive 
                      burden on the trading, clearing, or reporting of 
                      transactions.
                    ``(B) Governance arrangements.--Each security-based 
                swap data repository shall establish governance 
                arrangements that are transparent--
                          ``(i) to fulfill public interest requirements; 
                      and
                          ``(ii) to support the objectives of the 
                      Federal Government, owners, and participants.
                    ``(C) Conflicts of interest.--Each security-based 
                swap data repository shall--
                          ``(i) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Regulations.&gt;&gt;  establish and 
                      enforce rules to minimize conflicts of interest in 
                      the decision-making process of the security-based 
                      swap data repository; and
                          ``(ii) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Process.&gt;&gt;  establish a process 
                      for resolving any conflicts of interest described 
                      in clause (i).
                    ``(D) Additional duties developed by commission.--
                          ``(i) In general.--The Commission may develop 
                      1 or more additional duties applicable to 
                      security-based swap data repositories.
                          ``(ii) Consideration of evolving standards.--
                      In developing additional duties under subparagraph 
                      (A), the Commission may take into consideration 
                      any evolving standard of the United States or the 
                      international community.
                          ``(iii) Additional duties for commission 
                      designees.--The Commission shall establish 
                      additional duties for any registrant described in 
                      section 13(m)(2)(C) in order to minimize conflicts 
                      of interest, protect data, ensure compliance, and 
                      guarantee the safety and security of the security-
                      based swap data repository.
            ``(8) Required registration for security-based swap data 
        repositories.--Any person that is required to be registered as a 
        security-based swap data repository under this subsection shall 
        register with the Commission, regardless of whether that person 
        is also licensed under the Commodity Exchange Act as a swap data 
        repository.
            ``(9) Rules.--The Commission shall adopt rules governing 
        persons that are registered under this subsection.''.
