
    (a) In General.--The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a 
et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 13 the following:
``SEC. 13A. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 78m-1.&gt;&gt;  REPORTING AND RECORDKEEPING 
                        FOR CERTAIN SECURITY-BASED SWAPS.

    ``(a) Required Reporting of Security-based Swaps Not Accepted by Any 
Clearing Agency or Derivatives Clearing Organization.--
            ``(1) In general.--Each security-based swap that is not 
        accepted for clearing by any clearing agency or derivatives 
        clearing organization shall be reported to--
                    ``(A) a security-based swap data repository 
                described in section 13(n); or
                    ``(B) in the case in which there is no security-
                based swap data repository that would accept the 
                security-based swap, to the Commission pursuant to this 
                section within such time period as the Commission may by 
                rule or regulation prescribe.
            ``(2) Transition rule for preenactment security-based 
        swaps.--
                    ``(A) Security-based swaps entered into before the 
                date of enactment of the wall street transparency and 
                accountability act of 2010.--Each security-based swap 
                entered into before the date of enactment of the Wall 
                Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010, the 
                terms of which have not expired as of the date of 
                enactment of that Act, shall be reported to a registered


                security-based swap data repository or the Commission by 
                a date that is not later than--
                          ``(i) 30 days after issuance of the interim 
                      final rule; or
                          ``(ii) such other period as the Commission 
                      determines to be appropriate.
                    ``(B) Commission rulemaking.--The Commission shall 
                promulgate an interim final rule within 90 days of the 
                date of enactment of this section providing for the 
                reporting of each security-based swap entered into 
                before the date of enactment as referenced in 
                subparagraph (A).
                    ``(C) Effective date.--The reporting provisions 
                described in this section shall be effective upon the 
                date of the enactment of this section.
            ``(3) Reporting obligations.--
                    ``(A) Security-based swaps in which only 1 
                counterparty is a security-based swap dealer or major 
                security-based swap participant.--With respect to a 
                security-based swap in which only 1 counterparty is a 
                security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap 
                participant, the security-based swap dealer or major 
                security-based swap participant shall report the 
                security-based swap as required under paragraphs (1) and 
                (2).
                    ``(B) Security-based swaps in which 1 counterparty 
                is a security-based swap dealer and the other a major 
                security-based swap participant.--With respect to a 
                security-based swap in which 1 counterparty is a 
                security-based swap dealer and the other a major 
                security-based swap participant, the security-based swap 
                dealer shall report the security-based swap as required 
                under paragraphs (1) and (2).
                    ``(C) Other security-based swaps.--With respect to 
                any other security-based swap not described in 
                subparagraph (A) or (B), the counterparties to the 
                security-based swap shall select a counterparty to 
                report the security-based swap as required under 
                paragraphs (1) and (2).

    ``(b) Duties of Certain Individuals.--Any individual or entity that 
enters into a security-based swap shall meet each requirement described 
in subsection (c) if the individual or entity did not--
            ``(1) clear the security-based swap in accordance with 
        section 3C(a)(1); or
            ``(2) have the data regarding the security-based swap 
        accepted by a security-based swap data repository in accordance 
        with rules (including timeframes) adopted by the Commission 
        under this title.

    ``(c) Requirements.--An individual or entity described in subsection 
(b) shall--
            ``(1) upon written request from the Commission, provide 
        reports regarding the security-based swaps held by the 
        individual or entity to the Commission in such form and in such 
        manner as the Commission may request; and
            ``(2) maintain books and records pertaining to the security-
        based swaps held by the individual or entity in such form, in 
        such manner, and for such period as the Commission may require, 
        which shall be open to inspection by--
                    ``(A) any representative of the Commission;
                    ``(B) an appropriate prudential regulator;


                    ``(C) the Commodity Futures Trading Commission;
                    ``(D) the Financial Stability Oversight Council; and
                    ``(E) the Department of Justice.

    ``(d) Identical Data.--In prescribing rules under this section, the 
Commission shall require individuals and entities described in 
subsection (b) to submit to the Commission a report that contains data 
that is not less comprehensive than the data required to be collected by 
security-based swap data repositories under this title.''.
    (b) Beneficial Ownership Reporting.--Section 13 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) is amended--
            (1) in subsection (d)(1), by inserting ``or otherwise 
        becomes or is deemed to become a beneficial owner of any of the 
        foregoing upon the purchase or sale of a security-based swap 
        that the Commission may define by rule, and'' after ``Alaska 
        Native Claims Settlement Act,''; and
            (2) in subsection (g)(1), by inserting ``or otherwise 
        becomes or is deemed to become a beneficial owner of any 
        security of a class described in subsection (d)(1) upon the 
        purchase or sale of a security-based swap that the Commission 
        may define by rule'' after ``subsection (d)(1) of this 
        section''.

    (c) Reports by Institutional Investment Managers.--Section 13(f)(1) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(f)(1)) is amended 
by inserting ``or otherwise becomes or is deemed to become a beneficial 
owner of any security of a class described in subsection (d)(1) upon the 
purchase or sale of a security-based swap that the Commission may define 
by rule,'' after ``subsection (d)(1) of this section''.
    (d) Administrative Proceeding Authority.--Section 15(b)(4) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)(4)) is amended--
            (1) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ``security-based swap 
        dealer, major security-based swap participant,'' after 
        ``government securities dealer,''; and
            (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking ``broker or dealer'' 
        and inserting ``broker, dealer, security-based swap dealer, or a 
        major security-based swap participant''.

    (e) Security-based Swap Beneficial Ownership.--Section 13 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) is amended by adding at 
the end the following:
    ``(o) Beneficial Ownership.--For purposes of this section and 
section 16, a person shall be deemed to acquire beneficial ownership of 
an equity security based on the purchase or sale of a security-based 
swap, only to the extent that the Commission, by rule, determines after 
consultation with the prudential regulators and the Secretary of the 
Treasury, that the purchase or sale of the security-based swap, or class 
of security-based swap, provides incidents of ownership comparable to 
direct ownership of the equity security, and that it is necessary to 
achieve the purposes of this section that the purchase or sale of the 
security-based swaps, or class of security-based swap, be deemed the 
acquisition of beneficial ownership of the equity security.''.
