
    (a) Amendment to Securities Exchange Act of 1934.--Section 15 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o), as amended by this 
title, is further amended by adding at the end the following new 
subsection:
    ``(o) Authority to Restrict Mandatory Pre-dispute Arbitration.--The 
Commission, by rule, may prohibit, or impose conditions or limitations 
on the use of, agreements that require customers or clients of any 
broker, dealer, or municipal securities dealer to arbitrate any future 
dispute between them arising under the Federal securities laws, the 
rules and regulations thereunder, or the rules of a self-regulatory 
organization if it finds that such prohibition, imposition of 
conditions, or limitations are in the public interest and for the 
protection of investors.''.
    (b) Amendment to Investment Advisers Act of 1940.--Section 205 of 
the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b-5) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new subsection:
    ``(f) Authority to Restrict Mandatory Pre-dispute Arbitration.--The 
Commission, by rule, may prohibit, or impose conditions or limitations 
on the use of, agreements that require customers or clients of any 
investment adviser to arbitrate any future dispute between them arising 
under the Federal securities laws, the rules and regulations thereunder, 
or the rules of a self-regulatory organization if it finds that such 
prohibition, imposition of conditions, or limitations are in the public 
interest and for the protection of investors.''.
