
    (a) In General.--The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a 
et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 21E the following:
``SEC. 21F. &lt;&lt;NOTE: 15 USC 78u-6.&gt;&gt;  SECURITIES WHISTLEBLOWER 
                        INCENTIVES AND PROTECTION.

    ``(a) Definitions.--In this section the following definitions shall 
apply:
            ``(1) Covered judicial or administrative action.--The term 
        `covered judicial or administrative action' means any judicial 
        or administrative action brought by the Commission under the 
        securities laws that results in monetary sanctions exceeding 
        $1,000,000.
            ``(2) Fund.--The term `Fund' means the Securities and 
        Exchange Commission Investor Protection Fund.
            ``(3) Original information.--The term `original information' 
        means information that--


                    ``(A) is derived from the independent knowledge or 
                analysis of a whistleblower;
                    ``(B) is not known to the Commission from any other 
                source, unless the whistleblower is the original source 
                of the information; and
                    ``(C) is not exclusively derived from an allegation 
                made in a judicial or administrative hearing, in a 
                governmental report, hearing, audit, or investigation, 
                or from the news media, unless the whistleblower is a 
                source of the information.
            ``(4) Monetary sanctions.--The term `monetary sanctions', 
        when used with respect to any judicial or administrative action, 
        means--
                    ``(A) any monies, including penalties, disgorgement, 
                and interest, ordered to be paid; and
                    ``(B) any monies deposited into a disgorgement fund 
                or other fund pursuant to section 308(b) of the 
                Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7246(b)), as a 
                result of such action or any settlement of such action.
            ``(5) Related action.--The term `related action', when used 
        with respect to any judicial or administrative action brought by 
        the Commission under the securities laws, means any judicial or 
        administrative action brought by an entity described in 
        subclauses (I) through (IV) of subsection (h)(2)(D)(i) that is 
        based upon the original information provided by a whistleblower 
        pursuant to subsection (a) that led to the successful 
        enforcement of the Commission action.
            ``(6) Whistleblower.--The term `whistleblower' means any 
        individual who provides, or 2 or more individuals acting jointly 
        who provide, information relating to a violation of the 
        securities laws to the Commission, in a manner established, by 
        rule or regulation, by the Commission.

    ``(b) Awards.--
            ``(1) In general.--In any covered judicial or administrative 
        action, or related action, the Commission, under regulations 
        prescribed by the Commission and subject to subsection (c), 
        shall pay an award or awards to 1 or more whistleblowers who 
        voluntarily provided original information to the Commission that 
        led to the successful enforcement of the covered judicial or 
        administrative action, or related action, in an aggregate amount 
        equal to--
                    ``(A) not less than 10 percent, in total, of what 
                has been collected of the monetary sanctions imposed in 
                the action or related actions; and
                    ``(B) not more than 30 percent, in total, of what 
                has been collected of the monetary sanctions imposed in 
                the action or related actions.
            ``(2) Payment of awards.--Any amount paid under paragraph 
        (1) shall be paid from the Fund.

    ``(c) Determination of Amount of Award; Denial of Award.--
            ``(1) Determination of amount of award.--
                    ``(A) Discretion.--The determination of the amount 
                of an award made under subsection (b) shall be in the 
                discretion of the Commission.
                    ``(B) Criteria.--In determining the amount of an 
                award made under subsection (b), the Commission--


                          ``(i) shall take into consideration--
                                    ``(I) the significance of the 
                                information provided by the 
                                whistleblower to the success of the 
                                covered judicial or administrative 
                                action;
                                    ``(II) the degree of assistance 
                                provided by the whistleblower and any 
                                legal representative of the 
                                whistleblower in a covered judicial or 
                                administrative action;
                                    ``(III) the programmatic interest of 
                                the Commission in deterring violations 
                                of the securities laws by making awards 
                                to whistleblowers who provide 
                                information that lead to the successful 
                                enforcement of such laws; and
                                    ``(IV) such additional relevant 
                                factors as the Commission may establish 
                                by rule or regulation; and
                          ``(ii) shall not take into consideration the 
                      balance of the Fund.
            ``(2) Denial of award.--No award under subsection (b) shall 
        be made--
                    ``(A) to any whistleblower who is, or was at the 
                time the whistleblower acquired the original information 
                submitted to the Commission, a member, officer, or 
                employee of--
                          ``(i) an appropriate regulatory agency;
                          ``(ii) the Department of Justice;
                          ``(iii) a self-regulatory organization;
                          ``(iv) the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
                      Board; or
                          ``(v) a law enforcement organization;
                    ``(B) to any whistleblower who is convicted of a 
                criminal violation related to the judicial or 
                administrative action for which the whistleblower 
                otherwise could receive an award under this section;
                    ``(C) to any whistleblower who gains the information 
                through the performance of an audit of financial 
                statements required under the securities laws and for 
                whom such submission would be contrary to the 
                requirements of section 10A of the Securities Exchange 
                Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j-1); or
                    ``(D) to any whistleblower who fails to submit 
                information to the Commission in such form as the 
                Commission may, by rule, require.

    ``(d) Representation.--
            ``(1) Permitted representation.--Any whistleblower who makes 
        a claim for an award under subsection (b) may be represented by 
        counsel.
            ``(2) Required representation.--
                    ``(A) In general.--Any whistleblower who anonymously 
                makes a claim for an award under subsection (b) shall be 
                represented by counsel if the whistleblower anonymously 
                submits the information upon which the claim is based.
                    ``(B) Disclosure of identity.--Prior to the payment 
                of an award, a whistleblower shall disclose the identity 
                of the whistleblower and provide such other information


                as the Commission may require, directly or through 
                counsel for the whistleblower.

    ``(e) No Contract Necessary.--No contract with the Commission is 
necessary for any whistleblower to receive an award under subsection 
(b), unless otherwise required by the Commission by rule or regulation.
    ``(f) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Determination. Deadline.&gt;&gt;  Appeals.--Any 
determination made under this section, including whether, to whom, or in 
what amount to make awards, shall be in the discretion of the 
Commission. Any such determination, except the determination of the 
amount of an award if the award was made in accordance with subsection 
(b), may be appealed to the appropriate court of appeals of the United 
States not more than 30 days after the determination is issued by the 
Commission. The court shall &lt;&lt;NOTE: Courts.&gt;&gt;  review the determination 
made by the Commission in accordance with section 706 of title 5, United 
States Code.

    ``(g) Investor Protection Fund.--
            ``(1) Fund established.--There is established in the 
        Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the 
        `Securities and Exchange Commission Investor Protection Fund'.
            ``(2) Use of fund.--The Fund shall be available to the 
        Commission, without further appropriation or fiscal year 
        limitation, for--
                    ``(A) paying awards to whistleblowers as provided in 
                subsection (b); and
                    ``(B) funding the activities of the Inspector 
                General of the Commission under section 4(i).
            ``(3) Deposits and credits.--
                    ``(A)  In general.--There shall be deposited into or 
                credited to the Fund an amount equal to--
                          ``(i) any monetary sanction collected by the 
                      Commission in any judicial or administrative 
                      action brought by the Commission under the 
                      securities laws that is not added to a 
                      disgorgement fund or other fund under section 308 
                      of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7246) 
                      or otherwise distributed to victims of a violation 
                      of the securities laws, or the rules and 
                      regulations thereunder, underlying such action, 
                      unless the balance of the Fund at the time the 
                      monetary sanction is collected exceeds 
                      $300,000,000;
                          ``(ii) any monetary sanction added to a 
                      disgorgement fund or other fund under section 308 
                      of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7246) 
                      that is not distributed to the victims for whom 
                      the Fund was established, unless the balance of 
                      the disgorgement fund at the time the 
                      determination is made not to distribute the 
                      monetary sanction to such victims exceeds 
                      $200,000,000; and
                          ``(iii) all income from investments made under 
                      paragraph (4).
                    ``(B) Additional amounts.--If the amounts deposited 
                into or credited to the Fund under subparagraph (A) are 
                not sufficient to satisfy an award made under subsection 
                (b), there shall be deposited into or credited to the 
                Fund an amount equal to the unsatisfied portion of the 
                award from any monetary sanction collected by the 
                Commission


                in the covered judicial or administrative action on 
                which the award is based.
            ``(4) Investments.--
                    ``(A) Amounts in fund may be invested.--The 
                Commission may request the Secretary of the Treasury to 
                invest the portion of the Fund that is not, in the 
                discretion of the Commission, required to meet the 
                current needs of the Fund.
                    ``(B) Eligible investments.--Investments shall be 
                made by the Secretary of the Treasury in obligations of 
                the United States or obligations that are guaranteed as 
                to principal and interest by the United States, with 
                maturities suitable to the needs of the Fund as 
                determined by the Commission on the record.
                    ``(C) Interest and proceeds credited.--The interest 
                on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any 
                obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to the 
                Fund.
            ``(5) Reports to congress.--Not later than October 30 of 
        each fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this 
        subsection, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on 
        Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the 
        Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives 
        a report on--
                    ``(A) the whistleblower award program, established 
                under this section, including--
                          ``(i) a description of the number of awards 
                      granted; and
                          ``(ii) the types of cases in which awards were 
                      granted during the preceding fiscal year;
                    ``(B) the balance of the Fund at the beginning of 
                the preceding fiscal year;
                    ``(C) the amounts deposited into or credited to the 
                Fund during the preceding fiscal year;
                    ``(D) the amount of earnings on investments made 
                under paragraph (4) during the preceding fiscal year;
                    ``(E) the amount paid from the Fund during the 
                preceding fiscal year to whistleblowers pursuant to 
                subsection (b);
                    ``(F) the balance of the Fund at the end of the 
                preceding fiscal year; and
                    ``(G) a complete set of audited financial 
                statements, including--
                          ``(i) a balance sheet;
                          ``(ii) income statement; and
                          ``(iii) cash flow analysis.

    ``(h) Protection of Whistleblowers.--
            ``(1) Prohibition against retaliation.--
                    ``(A) In general.--No employer may discharge, 
                demote, suspend, threaten, harass, directly or 
                indirectly, or in any other manner discriminate against, 
                a whistleblower in the terms and conditions of 
                employment because of any lawful act done by the 
                whistleblower--
                          ``(i) in providing information to the 
                      Commission in accordance with this section;
                          ``(ii) in initiating, testifying in, or 
                      assisting in any investigation or judicial or 
                      administrative action of


                      the Commission based upon or related to such 
                      information; or
                          ``(iii) in making disclosures that are 
                      required or protected under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
                      of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), the Securities 
                      Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.), 
                      including section 10A(m) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 
                      78f(m)), section 1513(e) of title 18, United 
                      States Code, and any other law, rule, or 
                      regulation subject to the jurisdiction of the 
                      Commission.
                    ``(B) Enforcement.--
                          ``(i) Cause of action.--An individual who 
                      alleges discharge or other discrimination in 
                      violation of subparagraph (A) may bring an action 
                      under this subsection in the appropriate district 
                      court of the United States for the relief provided 
                      in subparagraph (C).
                          ``(ii) Subpoenas.--A subpoena requiring the 
                      attendance of a witness at a trial or hearing 
                      conducted under this section may be served at any 
                      place in the United States.
                          ``(iii) Statute of limitations.--
                                    ``(I) In general.--An action under 
                                this subsection may not be brought--
                                            ``(aa) more than 6 years 
                                        after the date on which the 
                                        violation of subparagraph (A) 
                                        occurred; or
                                            ``(bb) more than 3 years 
                                        after the date when facts 
                                        material to the right of action 
                                        are known or reasonably should 
                                        have been known by the employee 
                                        alleging a violation of 
                                        subparagraph (A).
                                    ``(II) Required action within 10 
                                years.--Notwithstanding subclause (I), 
                                an action under this subsection may not 
                                in any circumstance be brought more than 
                                10 years after the date on which the 
                                violation occurs.
                    ``(C) Relief.--Relief for an individual prevailing 
                in an action brought under subparagraph (B) shall 
                include--
                          ``(i) reinstatement with the same seniority 
                      status that the individual would have had, but for 
                      the discrimination;
                          ``(ii) 2 times the amount of back pay 
                      otherwise owed to the individual, with interest; 
                      and
                          ``(iii) compensation for litigation costs, 
                      expert witness fees, and reasonable attorneys' 
                      fees.
            ``(2) Confidentiality.--
                    ``(A) In general.--Except as provided in 
                subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Commission and any 
                officer or employee of the Commission shall not disclose 
                any information, including information provided by a 
                whistleblower to the Commission, which could reasonably 
                be expected to reveal the identity of a whistleblower, 
                except in accordance with the provisions of section 552a 
                of title 5, United States Code, unless and until 
                required to be disclosed to a defendant or respondent in 
                connection with a public proceeding instituted by the 
                Commission or any entity described in subparagraph (C). 
                For purposes of section


                552 of title 5, United States Code, this paragraph shall 
                be considered a statute described in subsection 
                (b)(3)(B) of such section.
                    ``(B) Exempted statute.--For purposes of section 552 
                of title 5, United States Code, this paragraph shall be 
                considered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) 
                of such section 552.
                    ``(C) Rule of construction.--Nothing in this section 
                is intended to limit, or shall be construed to limit, 
                the ability of the Attorney General to present such 
                evidence to a grand jury or to share such evidence with 
                potential witnesses or defendants in the course of an 
                ongoing criminal investigation.
                    ``(D) Availability to government agencies.--
                          ``(i) In general.--Without the loss of its 
                      status as confidential in the hands of the 
                      Commission, all information referred to in 
                      subparagraph (A) may, in the discretion of the 
                      Commission, when determined by the Commission to 
                      be necessary to accomplish the purposes of this 
                      Act and to protect investors, be made available 
                      to--
                                    ``(I) the Attorney General of the 
                                United States;
                                    ``(II) an appropriate regulatory 
                                authority;
                                    ``(III) a self-regulatory 
                                organization;
                                    ``(IV) a State attorney general in 
                                connection with any criminal 
                                investigation;
                                    ``(V) any appropriate State 
                                regulatory authority;
                                    ``(VI) the Public Company Accounting 
                                Oversight Board;
                                    ``(VII) a foreign securities 
                                authority; and
                                    ``(VIII) a foreign law enforcement 
                                authority.
                          ``(ii) Confidentiality.--
                                    ``(I) In general.--Each of the 
                                entities described in subclauses (I) 
                                through (VI) of clause (i) shall 
                                maintain such information as 
                                confidential in accordance with the 
                                requirements established under 
                                subparagraph (A).
                                    ``(II) Foreign authorities.--Each of 
                                the entities described in subclauses 
                                (VII) and (VIII) of clause (i) shall 
                                maintain such information in accordance 
                                with such assurances of confidentiality 
                                as the Commission determines 
                                appropriate.
            ``(3) Rights retained.--Nothing in this section shall be 
        deemed to diminish the rights, privileges, or remedies of any 
        whistleblower under any Federal or State law, or under any 
        collective bargaining agreement.

    ``(i) Provision of False Information.--A whistleblower shall not be 
entitled to an award under this section if the whistleblower--
            ``(1) knowingly and willfully makes any false, fictitious, 
        or fraudulent statement or representation; or
            ``(2) uses any false writing or document knowing the writing 
        or document contains any false, fictitious, or fraudulent 
        statement or entry.

    ``(j) Rulemaking Authority.--The Commission shall have the authority 
to issue such rules and regulations as may be necessary


or appropriate to implement the provisions of this section consistent 
with the purposes of this section.''.
    (b) Protection for Employees of Nationally Recognized Statistical 
Rating Organizations.--Section 1514A(a) of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended--
            (1) by inserting ``or nationally recognized statistical 
        rating organization (as defined in section 3(a) of the 
        Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c),'' after 
        ``78o(d)),''; and
            (2) by inserting ``or nationally recognized statistical 
        rating organization'' after ``such company''.

    (c) Section 1514A of Title 18, United States Code.--
            (1) Statute of limitations; jury trial.--Section 1514A(b)(2) 
        of title 18, United States Code, is amended--
                    (A) in subparagraph (D)--
                          (i) by striking ``90'' and inserting ``180''; 
                      and
                          (ii) by striking the period at the end and 
                      inserting ``, or after the date on which the 
                      employee became aware of the violation.''; and
                    (B) by adding at the end the following:
                    ``(E) Jury trial.--A party to an action brought 
                under paragraph (1)(B) shall be entitled to trial by 
                jury.''.
            (2) Private securities litigation witnesses; 
        nonenforceability; information.--Section 1514A of title 18, 
        United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the 
        following:

    ``(e) Nonenforceability of Certain Provisions Waiving Rights and 
Remedies or Requiring Arbitration of Disputes.--
            ``(1) Waiver of rights and remedies.--The rights and 
        remedies provided for in this section may not be waived by any 
        agreement, policy form, or condition of employment, including by 
        a predispute arbitration agreement.
            ``(2) Predispute arbitration agreements.--No predispute 
        arbitration agreement shall be valid or enforceable, if the 
        agreement requires arbitration of a dispute arising under this 
        section.''.

    (d) Study of Whistleblower Protection Program.--
            (1) Study.--The Inspector General of the Commission shall 
        conduct a study of the whistleblower protections established 
        under the amendments made by this section, including--
                    (A) whether the final rules and regulation issued 
                under the amendments made by this section have made the 
                whistleblower protection program (referred to in this 
                subsection as the ``program'') clearly defined and user-
                friendly;
                    (B) whether the program is promoted on the website 
                of the Commission and has been widely publicized;
                    (C) whether the Commission is prompt in--
                          (i) responding to--
                                    (I) information provided by 
                                whistleblowers; and
                                    (II) applications for awards filed 
                                by whistleblowers;
                          (ii) updating whistleblowers about the status 
                      of their applications; and
                          (iii) otherwise communicating with the 
                      interested parties;
                    (D) whether the minimum and maximum reward levels 
                are adequate to entice whistleblowers to come forward 
                with


                information and whether the reward levels are so high as 
                to encourage illegitimate whistleblower claims;
                    (E) whether the appeals process has been unduly 
                burdensome for the Commission;
                    (F) whether the funding mechanism for the Investor 
                Protection Fund is adequate;
                    (G) whether, in the interest of protecting investors 
                and identifying and preventing fraud, it would be useful 
                for Congress to consider empowering whistleblowers or 
                other individuals, who have already attempted to pursue 
                the case through the Commission, to have a private right 
                of action to bring suit based on the facts of the same 
                case, on behalf of the Government and themselves, 
                against persons who have committee securities fraud;
                    (H)(i) whether the exemption under section 552(b)(3) 
                of title 5 (known as the Freedom of Information Act) 
                established in section 21F(h)(2)(A) of the Securities 
                Exchange Act of 1934, as added by this Act, aids 
                whistleblowers in disclosing information to the 
                Commission;
                    (ii) what impact the exemption described in clause 
                (i) has had on the ability of the public to access 
                information about the regulation and enforcement by the 
                Commission of securities; and
                    (iii) any recommendations on whether the exemption 
                described in clause (i) should remain in effect; and
                    (I) such other matters as the Inspector General 
                deems appropriate.
            (2) Report.--Not later than 30 months after the date of 
        enactment of this Act, the Inspector General shall--
                    (A) submit a report on the findings of the study 
                required under paragraph (1) to the Committee on 
                Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and 
                the Committee on Financial Services of the House; and
                    (B) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Public information. Web posting.&gt;&gt;  make 
                the report described in subparagraph (A) available to 
                the public through publication of the report on the 
                website of the Commission.
