
    (a) Securities Act of 1933.--Section 22(a) of the Securities Act of 
1933 (15 U.S.C. 77v(a)) is amended by inserting after the second 
sentence the following: ``In any action or proceeding instituted by the 
Commission under this title in a United States district court for any 
judicial district, a subpoena issued to compel the attendance of a 
witness or the production of documents or tangible things (or both) at a 
hearing or trial may be served at any place within the United States. 
Rule 45(c)(3)(A)(ii) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure shall not 
apply to a subpoena issued under the preceding sentence.''.
    (b) Securities Exchange Act of 1934.--Section 27 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78aa) is amended by inserting after the 
third sentence the following: ``In any action or proceeding instituted 
by the Commission under this title in a United States district court for 
any judicial district, a subpoena issued to compel the attendance of a 
witness or the production of documents or tangible things (or both) at a 
hearing or trial may be served at any place within the United States. 
Rule 45(c)(3)(A)(ii) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure shall not 
apply to a subpoena issued under the preceding sentence.''.
    (c) Investment Company Act of 1940.--Section 44 of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-43) is amended by inserting after the 
fourth sentence the following: ``In any action or proceeding instituted 
by the Commission under this title in a United States district court for 
any judicial district, a subpoena issued to compel the attendance of a 
witness or the production of documents or tangible things (or both) at a 
hearing or trial may be served at any place within the United States. 
Rule 45(c)(3)(A)(ii) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure shall not 
apply to a subpoena issued under the preceding sentence.''.
    (d) Investment Advisers Act of 1940.--Section 214 of the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b-14) is amended by inserting after 
the third sentence the following: ``In any action or proceeding 
instituted by the Commission under this title in a United States 
district court for any judicial district, a subpoena issued to compel 
the attendance of a witness or the production of documents or tangible 
things (or both) at a hearing or trial may be served at any place within 
the United States. Rule 45(c)(3)(A)(ii) of the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure shall not apply to a subpoena issued under the preceding 
sentence.''.
