
    (a) Member or Employee of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking 
Board.--Section 15B(c)(8) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
U.S.C. 78o-4(c)(8)) is amended by striking ``any member


or employee'' and inserting ``any person who is, or at the time of the 
alleged violation or abuse was, a member or employee''.
    (b) Person Associated With a Government Securities Broker or 
Dealer.--Section 15C(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
U.S.C. 78o-5(c)) is amended--
            (1) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ``any person 
        associated, or seeking to become associated,'' and inserting 
        ``any person who is, or at the time of the alleged misconduct 
        was, associated or seeking to become associated''; and
            (2) in paragraph (2)--
                    (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ``, seeking to 
                become associated, or, at the time of the alleged 
                misconduct, associated or seeking to become associated'' 
                after ``any person associated''; and
                    (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ``, seeking to 
                become associated, or, at the time of the alleged 
                misconduct, associated or seeking to become associated'' 
                after ``any person associated''.

    (c) Person Associated With a Member of a National Securities 
Exchange or Registered Securities Association.--Section 21(a)(1) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u(a)(1)) is amended, in the 
first sentence, by inserting ``, or, as to any act or practice, or 
omission to act, while associated with a member, formerly associated'' 
after ``member or a person associated''.
    (d) Participant of a Registered Clearing Agency.--Section 21(a)(1) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u(a)(1)) is amended, 
in the first sentence, by inserting ``or, as to any act or practice, or 
omission to act, while a participant, was a participant,'' after ``in 
which such person is a participant,''.
    (e) Officer or Director of a Self-regulatory Organization.--Section 
19(h)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78s(h)(4)) is 
amended--
            (1) by striking ``any officer or director'' and inserting 
        ``any person who is, or at the time of the alleged misconduct 
        was, an officer or director''; and
            (2) by striking ``such officer or director'' and inserting 
        ``such person''.

    (f) Officer or Director of an Investment Company.--Section 36(a) of 
the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-35(a)) is amended--
            (1) by striking ``a person serving or acting'' and inserting 
        ``a person who is, or at the time of the alleged misconduct was, 
        serving or acting''; and
            (2) by striking ``such person so serves or acts'' and 
        inserting ``such person so serves or acts, or at the time of the 
        alleged misconduct, so served or acted''.

    (g) Person Associated With a Public Accounting Firm.--
            (1) Sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 amendment.--Section 2(a)(9) 
        of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201(9)) is amended 
        by adding at the end the following:
                    ``(C) &lt;&lt;NOTE: Applicability.&gt;&gt;  Investigative and 
                enforcement authority.--For purposes of sections 3(c), 
                101(c), 105, and 107(c) and the rules of the Board and 
                Commission issued thereunder, except to the extent 
                specifically excepted by such rules, the terms defined 
                in subparagraph (A) shall include any


                person associated, seeking to become associated, or 
                formerly associated with a public accounting firm, 
                except that--
                          ``(i) the authority to conduct an 
                      investigation of such person under section 105(b) 
                      shall apply only with respect to any act or 
                      practice, or omission to act, by the person while 
                      such person was associated or seeking to become 
                      associated with a registered public accounting 
                      firm; and
                          ``(ii) the authority to commence a 
                      disciplinary proceeding under section 105(c)(1), 
                      or impose sanctions under section 105(c)(4), 
                      against such person shall apply only with respect 
                      to--
                                    ``(I) conduct occurring while such 
                                person was associated or seeking to 
                                become associated with a registered 
                                public accounting firm; or
                                    ``(II) non-cooperation, as described 
                                in section 105(b)(3), with respect to a 
                                demand in a Board investigation for 
                                testimony, documents, or other 
                                information relating to a period when 
                                such person was associated or seeking to 
                                become associated with a registered 
                                public accounting firm.''.
            (2) Securities exchange act of 1934 amendment.--Section 
        21(a)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 
        78u(a)(1)) is amended by striking ``or a person associated with 
        such a firm'' and inserting ``, a person associated with such a 
        firm, or, as to any act, practice, or omission to act, while 
        associated with such firm, a person formerly associated with 
        such a firm''.

    (h) Supervisory Personnel of an Audit Firm.--Section 105(c)(6) of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7215(c)(6)) is amended--
            (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``the supervisory 
        personnel'' and inserting ``any person who is, or at the time of 
        the alleged failure reasonably to supervise was, a supervisory 
        person''; and
            (2) in subparagraph (B)--
                    (A) by striking ``No associated person'' and 
                inserting ``No current or former supervisory person''; 
                and
                    (B) by striking ``any other person'' and inserting 
                ``any associated person''.

    (i) Member of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.--
Section 107(d)(3) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 
7217(d)(3)) is amended by striking ``any member'' and inserting ``any 
person who is, or at the time of the alleged misconduct was, a member''.
